models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum21_wild_brim_slouch/sum21_wild_brim_slouch.mdl #TF_sum21_wild_brim_slouch.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hwn2023_sightseer/hwn2023_sightseer.mdl #TF_hwn2023_sightseer.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum22_hawaiian_hunter_style2/sum22_hawaiian_hunter_style2.mdl #TF_sum22_hawaiian_hunter_style2.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/dec17_handsome_hitman/dec17_handsome_hitman.mdl #TF_dec17_handsome_hitman.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/jul13_sniper_souwester/jul13_sniper_souwester.mdl #TF_jul13_sniper_souwester.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets_s2/fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets_s2.mdl #TF_fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets_s2.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/fwk_sniper_bandanahair/fwk_sniper_bandanahair.mdl #TF_fwk_sniper_bandanahair.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum24_aimframe/sum24_aimframe.mdl #TF_sum24_aimframe.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hwn2018_highway_star/hwn2018_highway_star.mdl #TF_hwn2018_highway_star.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/spr17_archers_sterling/spr17_archers_sterling.mdl #TF_spr17_archers_sterling.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hwn2020_glow_below/hwn2020_glow_below.mdl #TF_hwn2020_glow_below.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/dec2014_hunter_ushanka/dec2014_hunter_ushanka.mdl #TF_dec2014_hunter_ushanka.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/dec23_scruffed_stitched_style2/dec23_scruffed_stitched_style2.mdl #TF_dec23_scruffed_stitched_style2.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hw2013_sir_shootsalot/hw2013_sir_shootsalot.mdl #TF_hw2013_sir_shootsalot.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum23_cranium_cover_style2/sum23_cranium_cover_style2.mdl #TF_sum23_cranium_cover_style2.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum25_blindin/sum25_blindin.mdl #TF_sum25_blindin.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/fwk_sniper_bandanahair_s2/fwk_sniper_bandanahair_s2.mdl #TF_fwk_sniper_bandanahair_s2.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sf14_marsupial_man/sf14_marsupial_man.mdl #TF_sf14_marsupial_man.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hwn2018_crocodile_mun_dee/hwn2018_crocodile_mun_dee.mdl #TF_hwn2018_crocodile_mun_dee.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/dec19_missing_piece/dec19_missing_piece.mdl #TF_dec19_missing_piece.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hw2013_the_halloween_headcase/hw2013_the_halloween_headcase.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_halloween_headcase.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hwn2022_headhunters_brim/hwn2022_headhunters_brim.mdl #TF_hwn2022_headhunters_brim.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/robo_sniper_solar_topi/robo_sniper_solar_topi.mdl #TF_robo_sniper_solar_topi.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/dec17_puffy_polar_cap/dec17_puffy_polar_cap.mdl #TF_dec17_puffy_polar_cap.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sf14_marsupial_muzzle/sf14_marsupial_muzzle.mdl #TF_sf14_marsupial_muzzle.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/winter_sniper_hood/winter_sniper_hood.mdl #TF_winter_sniper_hood.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets/fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets.mdl #TF_fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/spr17_hawk_eyed_hunter/spr17_hawk_eyed_hunter.mdl #TF_spr17_hawk_eyed_hunter.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/robo_sniper_liquidator/robo_sniper_liquidator.mdl #TF_robo_sniper_liquidator.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/invasion_corona_australis/invasion_corona_australis.mdl #TF_invasion_corona_australis.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum25_blindin_style2/sum25_blindin_style2.mdl #TF_sum25_blindin_style2.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets_s3/fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets_s3.mdl #TF_fall2013_brimfull_of_bullets_s3.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum23_cranium_cover_style1/sum23_cranium_cover_style1.mdl #TF_sum23_cranium_cover_style1.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/robo_sniper_soldered_sensei/robo_sniper_soldered_sensei.mdl #TF_robo_sniper_soldered_sensei.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hwn2023_sightseer_style1/hwn2023_sightseer_style1.mdl #TF_hwn2023_sightseer_style1.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/dec23_scruffed_stitched/dec23_scruffed_stitched.mdl #TF_dec23_scruffed_stitched.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/fall17_hunter/fall17_hunter.mdl #TF_fall17_hunter.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum19_bare_necessities/sum19_bare_necessities.mdl #TF_sum19_bare_necessities.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/sum22_hawaiian_hunter/sum22_hawaiian_hunter.mdl #TF_sum22_hawaiian_hunter.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/hwn2020_glow_below_style2/hwn2020_glow_below_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2020_glow_below_style2.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/sniper/dec20_killing_tree/dec20_killing_tree.mdl #TF_dec20_killing_tree.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec22_soft_hard_hat/dec22_soft_hard_hat.mdl #TF_dec22_soft_hard_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum25_cattlemans_kettle_style2/sum25_cattlemans_kettle_style2.mdl #TF_sum25_cattlemans_kettle_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/spr17_plumbers_cap/spr17_plumbers_cap.mdl #TF_spr17_plumbers_cap.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum21_sightliner/sum21_sightliner.mdl #TF_sum21_sightliner.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum25_cattlemans_kettle/sum25_cattlemans_kettle.mdl #TF_sum25_cattlemans_kettle.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum24_daring_dell_style2/sum24_daring_dell_style2.mdl #TF_sum24_daring_dell_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2019_eingineer/hwn2019_eingineer.mdl #TF_hwn2019_eingineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/jul13_king_hair/jul13_king_hair.mdl #TF_jul13_king_hair.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec2014_engineer_detectiveglasses/dec2014_engineer_detectiveglasses.mdl #TF_dec2014_engineer_detectiveglasses.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec19_provisions_cap/dec19_provisions_cap.mdl #TF_dec19_provisions_cap.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/cc_summer2015_sheriffs_stetson_style1/cc_summer2015_sheriffs_stetson_style1.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_sheriffs_stetson_style1.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/robo_engineer_texastingallon/robo_engineer_texastingallon.mdl #TF_robo_engineer_texastingallon.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec24_bucks_brim_style4/dec24_bucks_brim_style4.mdl #TF_dec24_bucks_brim_style4.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/short2014_chemists_pride/short2014_chemists_pride.mdl #TF_short2014_chemists_pride.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2015_mechanical_engineer/hwn2015_mechanical_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2015_mechanical_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec20_blitzen_bowl/dec20_blitzen_bowl.mdl #TF_dec20_blitzen_bowl.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sf14_beep_man/sf14_beep_man.mdl #TF_sf14_beep_man.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum23_hazard_handler_style4/sum23_hazard_handler_style4.mdl #TF_sum23_hazard_handler_style4.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/short2014_engineer_nerd_hair/short2014_engineer_nerd_hair.mdl #TF_short2014_engineer_nerd_hair.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2020_pug_mug_style2/hwn2020_pug_mug_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2020_pug_mug_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2020_wavefinder/hwn2020_wavefinder.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wavefinder.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum23_cranium_cooler/sum23_cranium_cooler.mdl #TF_sum23_cranium_cooler.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/spr17_flash_of_inspiration/spr17_flash_of_inspiration.mdl #TF_spr17_flash_of_inspiration.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2016_corpus_christi_cranium/hwn2016_corpus_christi_cranium.mdl #TF_hwn2016_corpus_christi_cranium.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2016_wide_brimmed_bandito/hwn2016_wide_brimmed_bandito.mdl #TF_hwn2016_wide_brimmed_bandito.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2020_goblineer_style2/hwn2020_goblineer_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2020_goblineer_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum23_hazard_handler_style1/sum23_hazard_handler_style1.mdl #TF_sum23_hazard_handler_style1.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum22_lawnmaker_style2/sum22_lawnmaker_style2.mdl #TF_sum22_lawnmaker_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum23_hazard_handler_style3/sum23_hazard_handler_style3.mdl #TF_sum23_hazard_handler_style3.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2018_defragmenting_hat/hwn2018_defragmenting_hat.mdl #TF_hwn2018_defragmenting_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/robo_engineer_greaser/robo_engineer_greaser.mdl #TF_robo_engineer_greaser.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style2/hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/robo_engineer_mining_light/robo_engineer_mining_light.mdl #TF_robo_engineer_mining_light.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum24_daring_dell_style1/sum24_daring_dell_style1.mdl #TF_sum24_daring_dell_style1.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2023_dell_dynamic/hwn2023_dell_dynamic.mdl #TF_hwn2023_dell_dynamic.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec18_wise_whiskers/dec18_wise_whiskers.mdl #TF_dec18_wise_whiskers.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum23_hazard_handler_style2/sum23_hazard_handler_style2.mdl #TF_sum23_hazard_handler_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2020_goblineer/hwn2020_goblineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_goblineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum22_lawnmaker/sum22_lawnmaker.mdl #TF_sum22_lawnmaker.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2019_el_mostacho/hwn2019_el_mostacho.mdl #TF_hwn2019_el_mostacho.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec23_clue_hairdo_style2/dec23_clue_hairdo_style2.mdl #TF_dec23_clue_hairdo_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec24_bucks_brim_style2/dec24_bucks_brim_style2.mdl #TF_dec24_bucks_brim_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/cc_summer2015_sheriffs_stetson/cc_summer2015_sheriffs_stetson.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_sheriffs_stetson.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2022_more_gun_marshal/hwn2022_more_gun_marshal.mdl #TF_hwn2022_more_gun_marshal.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec22_arctic_mole_style1/dec22_arctic_mole_style1.mdl #TF_dec22_arctic_mole_style1.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec19_telefragger_toque/dec19_telefragger_toque.mdl #TF_dec19_telefragger_toque.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2021_hook_line_thinker/hwn2021_hook_line_thinker.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hook_line_thinker.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec22_arctic_mole_style2/dec22_arctic_mole_style2.mdl #TF_dec22_arctic_mole_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum20_head_of_defense_style1/sum20_head_of_defense_style1.mdl #TF_sum20_head_of_defense_style1.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum20_head_of_defense_style2/sum20_head_of_defense_style2.mdl #TF_sum20_head_of_defense_style2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec23_clue_hairdo_style3/dec23_clue_hairdo_style3.mdl #TF_dec23_clue_hairdo_style3.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum19_brain_interface/sum19_brain_interface.mdl #TF_sum19_brain_interface.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sf14_tiny_texan/sf14_tiny_texan.mdl #TF_sf14_tiny_texan.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum24_daring_dell_style3/sum24_daring_dell_style3.mdl #TF_sum24_daring_dell_style3.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2015_western_hat/hwn2015_western_hat.mdl #TF_hwn2015_western_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec21_train_of_thought/dec21_train_of_thought.mdl #TF_dec21_train_of_thought.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2022_dustbowl_devil/hwn2022_dustbowl_devil.mdl #TF_hwn2022_dustbowl_devil.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sbox2014_trenchers_topper/sbox2014_trenchers_topper.mdl #TF_sbox2014_trenchers_topper.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2022_cabinet_mann/hwn2022_cabinet_mann.mdl #TF_hwn2022_cabinet_mann.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style3/hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style3.mdl #TF_hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style3.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sbox2014_trenchers_topper_s2/sbox2014_trenchers_topper_s2.mdl #TF_sbox2014_trenchers_topper_s2.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec21_train_of_thought_style1/dec21_train_of_thought_style1.mdl #TF_dec21_train_of_thought_style1.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style4/hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style4.mdl #TF_hwn2022_more_gun_marshal_style4.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec24_bucks_brim_style3/dec24_bucks_brim_style3.mdl #TF_dec24_bucks_brim_style3.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2020_pug_mug/hwn2020_pug_mug.mdl #TF_hwn2020_pug_mug.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum19_texas_toast/sum19_texas_toast.mdl #TF_sum19_texas_toast.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec23_clue_hairdo/dec23_clue_hairdo.mdl #TF_dec23_clue_hairdo.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec24_bucks_brim_style1/dec24_bucks_brim_style1.mdl #TF_dec24_bucks_brim_style1.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/robo_engineer_rustin/robo_engineer_rustin.mdl #TF_robo_engineer_rustin.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/dec22_arctic_mole_style3/dec22_arctic_mole_style3.mdl #TF_dec22_arctic_mole_style3.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/sum24_daring_dell_style4/sum24_daring_dell_style4.mdl #TF_sum24_daring_dell_style4.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/engineer/hwn2024_mannhattan_protect/hwn2024_mannhattan_protect.mdl #TF_hwn2024_mannhattan_protect.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec2014_skullcap/dec2014_skullcap.mdl #TF_dec2014_skullcap.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec18_climbing_commander/dec18_climbing_commander.mdl #TF_dec18_climbing_commander.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec17_brass_bucket/dec17_brass_bucket.mdl #TF_dec17_brass_bucket.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec24_polar_charger_style3/dec24_polar_charger_style3.mdl #TF_dec24_polar_charger_style3.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2020_calamitous_cauldron/hwn2020_calamitous_cauldron.mdl #TF_hwn2020_calamitous_cauldron.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/short2014_soldier_fedhair/short2014_soldier_fedhair.mdl #TF_short2014_soldier_fedhair.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/infernal_impaler/infernal_impaler.mdl #TF_infernal_impaler.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2021_war_dog/hwn2021_war_dog.mdl #TF_hwn2021_war_dog.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/robo_soldier_tyrantium/robo_soldier_tyrantium.mdl #TF_robo_soldier_tyrantium.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec21_elf_defence/dec21_elf_defence.mdl #TF_dec21_elf_defence.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec23_wanderers_wool_style6/dec23_wanderers_wool_style6.mdl #TF_dec23_wanderers_wool_style6.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2021_poopy_doe/hwn2021_poopy_doe.mdl #TF_hwn2021_poopy_doe.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum22_detective/sum22_detective.mdl #TF_sum22_detective.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum23_stealth_bomber_style1/sum23_stealth_bomber_style1.mdl #TF_sum23_stealth_bomber_style1.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/soldier_garrison/soldier_garrison.mdl #TF_soldier_garrison.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/eotl_soldierhat/eotl_soldierhat.mdl #TF_eotl_soldierhat.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/shooters_supplies/shooters_supplies.mdl #TF_shooters_supplies.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hw2013_combat_maggots/hw2013_combat_maggots.mdl #TF_hw2013_combat_maggots.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum22_detective_style2/sum22_detective_style2.mdl #TF_sum22_detective_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum20_hawk_warrior/sum20_hawk_warrior.mdl #TF_sum20_hawk_warrior.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum23_close_quarters_style2/sum23_close_quarters_style2.mdl #TF_sum23_close_quarters_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec23_wanderers_wool_style2/dec23_wanderers_wool_style2.mdl #TF_dec23_wanderers_wool_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum20_bazaar_bauble/sum20_bazaar_bauble.mdl #TF_sum20_bazaar_bauble.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2019_party_poncho/hwn2019_party_poncho.mdl #TF_hwn2019_party_poncho.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hw2013_mr_maggot/hw2013_mr_maggot.mdl #TF_hw2013_mr_maggot.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec18_dumb_bell/dec18_dumb_bell.mdl #TF_dec18_dumb_bell.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/jul13_the_presidential/jul13_the_presidential.mdl #TF_jul13_the_presidential.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/jul13_the_caribbean_conqueror/jul13_the_caribbean_conqueror.mdl #TF_jul13_the_caribbean_conqueror.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec23_wanderers_wool_style4/dec23_wanderers_wool_style4.mdl #TF_dec23_wanderers_wool_style4.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2019_el_zapateador/hwn2019_el_zapateador.mdl #TF_hwn2019_el_zapateador.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec24_polar_charger_style4/dec24_polar_charger_style4.mdl #TF_dec24_polar_charger_style4.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum20_breach_and_bomb/sum20_breach_and_bomb.mdl #TF_sum20_breach_and_bomb.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/bi_franklin_mask/bi_franklin_mask.mdl #TF_bi_franklin_mask.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum19_peacebreaker/sum19_peacebreaker.mdl #TF_sum19_peacebreaker.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hw2013_feathered_freedom/hw2013_feathered_freedom.mdl #TF_hw2013_feathered_freedom.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/fall17_chest_pain/fall17_chest_pain.mdl #TF_fall17_chest_pain.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/soldier_warpig_s2/soldier_warpig_s2.mdl #TF_soldier_warpig_s2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum24_control_patrol_style1/sum24_control_patrol_style1.mdl #TF_sum24_control_patrol_style1.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2020_war_blunder/hwn2020_war_blunder.mdl #TF_hwn2020_war_blunder.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum25_jarhead_style3/sum25_jarhead_style3.mdl #TF_sum25_jarhead_style3.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/bi_washington_mask/bi_washington_mask.mdl #TF_bi_washington_mask.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2020_trappers_hat/hwn2020_trappers_hat.mdl #TF_hwn2020_trappers_hat.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/fall17_bullet_bowl/fall17_bullet_bowl.mdl #TF_fall17_bullet_bowl.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hw2013_rocket_ranger/hw2013_rocket_ranger.mdl #TF_hw2013_rocket_ranger.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2023_shortness_breath/hwn2023_shortness_breath.mdl #TF_hwn2023_shortness_breath.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2020_trappers_hat_style2/hwn2020_trappers_hat_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2020_trappers_hat_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2022_cranial_cowl/hwn2022_cranial_cowl.mdl #TF_hwn2022_cranial_cowl.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum21_roaming_roman/sum21_roaming_roman.mdl #TF_sum21_roaming_roman.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/xms2013_soldier_marshal_hat/xms2013_soldier_marshal_hat.mdl #TF_xms2013_soldier_marshal_hat.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum19_dancing_doe/sum19_dancing_doe.mdl #TF_sum19_dancing_doe.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec22_bulb_bonnet_style1/dec22_bulb_bonnet_style1.mdl #TF_dec22_bulb_bonnet_style1.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/jul13_ol_jack/jul13_ol_jack.mdl #TF_jul13_ol_jack.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2018_vampire_vanquisher/hwn2018_vampire_vanquisher.mdl #TF_hwn2018_vampire_vanquisher.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/jul13_helicopter_helmet/jul13_helicopter_helmet.mdl #TF_jul13_helicopter_helmet.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/spr18_sky_high_fly_guy/spr18_sky_high_fly_guy.mdl #TF_spr18_sky_high_fly_guy.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hw2013_hidden_dragon/hw2013_hidden_dragon.mdl #TF_hw2013_hidden_dragon.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum23_close_quarters_style4/sum23_close_quarters_style4.mdl #TF_sum23_close_quarters_style4.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/spr17_flakcatcher/spr17_flakcatcher.mdl #TF_spr17_flakcatcher.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sf14_ghoul_gibbing_gear/sf14_ghoul_gibbing_gear.mdl #TF_sf14_ghoul_gibbing_gear.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec18_crack_pot/dec18_crack_pot.mdl #TF_dec18_crack_pot.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sbox2014_soldier_major/sbox2014_soldier_major.mdl #TF_sbox2014_soldier_major.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/soldier_warpig/soldier_warpig.mdl #TF_soldier_warpig.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hw2013_the_crit_wizard/hw2013_the_crit_wizard.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_crit_wizard.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec23_wanderers_wool_style5/dec23_wanderers_wool_style5.mdl #TF_dec23_wanderers_wool_style5.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum23_close_quarters_style3/sum23_close_quarters_style3.mdl #TF_sum23_close_quarters_style3.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec24_polar_charger_style1/dec24_polar_charger_style1.mdl #TF_dec24_polar_charger_style1.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sf14_the_battle_bird/sf14_the_battle_bird.mdl #TF_sf14_the_battle_bird.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec22_bulb_bonnet_style2/dec22_bulb_bonnet_style2.mdl #TF_dec22_bulb_bonnet_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/cloud_crasher/cloud_crasher.mdl #TF_cloud_crasher.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sf14_hellhunters_headpiece/sf14_hellhunters_headpiece.mdl #TF_sf14_hellhunters_headpiece.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hw2013_soldier_jiangshi_hat/hw2013_soldier_jiangshi_hat.mdl #TF_hw2013_soldier_jiangshi_hat.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2022_firearm_protector/hwn2022_firearm_protector.mdl #TF_hwn2022_firearm_protector.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/eotl_winter_coat/eotl_winter_coat.mdl #TF_eotl_winter_coat.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/robo_soldier_shako/robo_soldier_shako.mdl #TF_robo_soldier_shako.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum21_thousand_yard_style2/sum21_thousand_yard_style2.mdl #TF_sum21_thousand_yard_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec23_wanderers_wool_style3/dec23_wanderers_wool_style3.mdl #TF_dec23_wanderers_wool_style3.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum23_stealth_bomber_style2/sum23_stealth_bomber_style2.mdl #TF_sum23_stealth_bomber_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/fall17_crit_cloak/fall17_crit_cloak.mdl #TF_fall17_crit_cloak.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec24_polar_charger_style2/dec24_polar_charger_style2.mdl #TF_dec24_polar_charger_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec23_wanderers_wool/dec23_wanderers_wool.mdl #TF_dec23_wanderers_wool.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum21_thousand_yard_style1/sum21_thousand_yard_style1.mdl #TF_sum21_thousand_yard_style1.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum24_control_patrol_style2/sum24_control_patrol_style2.mdl #TF_sum24_control_patrol_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2019_racc_mann/hwn2019_racc_mann.mdl #TF_hwn2019_racc_mann.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/robo_soldier_fullmetaldrillhat/robo_soldier_fullmetaldrillhat.mdl #TF_robo_soldier_fullmetaldrillhat.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2018_tank_top/hwn2018_tank_top.mdl #TF_hwn2018_tank_top.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum25_jarhead/sum25_jarhead.mdl #TF_sum25_jarhead.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum25_jarhead_style2/sum25_jarhead_style2.mdl #TF_sum25_jarhead_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum22_chaser/sum22_chaser.mdl #TF_sum22_chaser.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum21_panisher/sum21_panisher.mdl #TF_sum21_panisher.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/shooters_supplies_style1/shooters_supplies_style1.mdl #TF_shooters_supplies_style1.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/sum23_close_quarters_style1/sum23_close_quarters_style1.mdl #TF_sum23_close_quarters_style1.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2022_cranial_cowl_style2/hwn2022_cranial_cowl_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2022_cranial_cowl_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2020_calamitous_cauldron_style2/hwn2020_calamitous_cauldron_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2020_calamitous_cauldron_style2.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/hwn2015_hellmet/hwn2015_hellmet.mdl #TF_hwn2015_hellmet.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/soldier/dec23_trench_warefarer/dec23_trench_warefarer.mdl #TF_dec23_trench_warefarer.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_camo_headband/sbox2014_camo_headband_sniper.mdl #TF_sbox2014_camo_headband_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style2/sum25_team_cap_style2_scout.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style2/sum25_team_cap_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style2/sum25_team_cap_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style2/sum25_team_cap_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_oh_deer_style1/dec21_oh_deer_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_oh_deer_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_oh_deer_style1/dec21_oh_deer_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_oh_deer_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_oh_deer_style1/dec21_oh_deer_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_oh_deer_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_oh_deer_style1/dec21_oh_deer_style1_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_oh_deer_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_reindoonihorns/dec21_reindoonihorns_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_reindoonihorns_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_reindoonihorns/dec21_reindoonihorns_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_reindoonihorns_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_reindoonihorns/dec21_reindoonihorns_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_reindoonihorns_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_reindoonihorns/dec21_reindoonihorns_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_reindoonihorns_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_phononaut/invasion_phononaut_sniper.mdl #TF_invasion_phononaut_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_phononaut/invasion_phononaut_scout.mdl #TF_invasion_phononaut_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_phononaut/invasion_phononaut_engineer.mdl #TF_invasion_phononaut_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_phononaut/invasion_phononaut_soldier.mdl #TF_invasion_phononaut_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_fire_bat_v2/hw2013_the_fire_bat_v2_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_fire_bat_v2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2/hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2/hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2/hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2/hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_twisted_topper_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/witchhat/witchhat_sniper.mdl #TF_witchhat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/witchhat/witchhat_soldier.mdl #TF_witchhat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/witchhat/witchhat_scout.mdl #TF_witchhat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/witchhat/witchhat_engineer.mdl #TF_witchhat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_law/sbox2014_law_soldier.mdl #TF_sbox2014_law_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_law/sbox2014_law_sniper.mdl #TF_sbox2014_law_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_law/sbox2014_law_scout.mdl #TF_sbox2014_law_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_law/sbox2014_law_engineer.mdl #TF_sbox2014_law_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2_scout.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie_style2/dec23_boarders_beanie_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie_style2/dec23_boarders_beanie_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie_style2/dec23_boarders_beanie_style2_scout.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie_style2/dec23_boarders_beanie_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum19_bobby_bonnet/sum19_bobby_bonnet_soldier.mdl #TF_sum19_bobby_bonnet_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style3/dec21_gnome_dome_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style3/dec21_gnome_dome_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style3/dec21_gnome_dome_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style3/dec21_gnome_dome_style3_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_modest_pile/robo_all_modest_pile_engineer.mdl #TF_robo_all_modest_pile_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_modest_pile/robo_all_modest_pile_scout.mdl #TF_robo_all_modest_pile_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_modest_pile/robo_all_modest_pile_soldier.mdl #TF_robo_all_modest_pile_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_modest_pile/robo_all_modest_pile_sniper.mdl #TF_robo_all_modest_pile_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_dapper_noel/dec24_dapper_noel_sniper.mdl #TF_dec24_dapper_noel_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_dapper_noel/dec24_dapper_noel_engineer.mdl #TF_dec24_dapper_noel_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_dapper_noel/dec24_dapper_noel_soldier.mdl #TF_dec24_dapper_noel_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_dapper_noel/dec24_dapper_noel_scout.mdl #TF_dec24_dapper_noel_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_kissking/xms2013_kissking_engineer.mdl #TF_xms2013_kissking_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_kissking/xms2013_kissking_scout.mdl #TF_xms2013_kissking_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_kissking/xms2013_kissking_soldier.mdl #TF_xms2013_kissking_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_kissking/xms2013_kissking_sniper.mdl #TF_xms2013_kissking_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome/dec21_gnome_dome_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome/dec21_gnome_dome_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome/dec21_gnome_dome_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome/dec21_gnome_dome_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett/cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett_soldier.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett/cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett_engineer.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett/cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett_scout.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett/cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett_sniper.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_potassium_bonnett_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_handy_canes/dec16_handy_canes_soldier.mdl #TF_dec16_handy_canes_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_handy_canes/dec16_handy_canes_demo.mdl #TF_dec16_handy_canes_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_handy_canes/dec16_handy_canes_pyro.mdl #TF_dec16_handy_canes_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_impish_ears/hwn2020_impish_ears_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_impish_ears_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_impish_ears/hwn2020_impish_ears_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_impish_ears_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_impish_ears/hwn2020_impish_ears_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_impish_ears_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_impish_ears/hwn2020_impish_ears_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_impish_ears_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_candy_cantlers/dec20_candy_cantlers_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_candy_cantlers_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_candy_cantlers/dec20_candy_cantlers_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_candy_cantlers_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_candy_cantlers/dec20_candy_cantlers_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_candy_cantlers_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_candy_cantlers/dec20_candy_cantlers_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_candy_cantlers_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_demonic_dome/hwn2023_demonic_dome_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2023_demonic_dome_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_demonic_dome/hwn2023_demonic_dome_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2023_demonic_dome_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_demonic_dome/hwn2023_demonic_dome_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2023_demonic_dome_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_demonic_dome/hwn2023_demonic_dome_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2023_demonic_dome_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_scholar/fall17_scholar_soldier.mdl #TF_fall17_scholar_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_scholar/fall17_scholar_engineer.mdl #TF_fall17_scholar_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_scholar/fall17_scholar_sniper.mdl #TF_fall17_scholar_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_scholar/fall17_scholar_scout.mdl #TF_fall17_scholar_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style3/all_earmuffs_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style3/all_earmuffs_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style3/all_earmuffs_style3_scout.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style3/all_earmuffs_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_pile_of_presents/dec20_pile_of_presents_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_pile_of_presents_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_pile_of_presents/dec20_pile_of_presents_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_pile_of_presents_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_pile_of_presents/dec20_pile_of_presents_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_pile_of_presents_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_pile_of_presents/dec20_pile_of_presents_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_pile_of_presents_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_alakablamicon/hwn2021_alakablamicon_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_alakablamicon_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_alakablamicon/hwn2021_alakablamicon_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_alakablamicon_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_alakablamicon/hwn2021_alakablamicon_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_alakablamicon_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_alakablamicon/hwn2021_alakablamicon_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_alakablamicon_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_hat_chocolate/dec21_hat_chocolate_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_hat_chocolate_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_hat_chocolate/dec21_hat_chocolate_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_hat_chocolate_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_hat_chocolate/dec21_hat_chocolate_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_hat_chocolate_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_hat_chocolate/dec21_hat_chocolate_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_hat_chocolate_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_fancycoat_s2/fall2013_fancycoat_s2_scout.mdl #TF_fall2013_fancycoat_s2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_batbelt/bak_batbelt_scout.mdl #TF_bak_batbelt_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_all_skull_necklace/hw2013_all_skull_necklace_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_all_skull_necklace_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_misfortune_fedora/hwn2020_misfortune_fedora_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_misfortune_fedora_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_misfortune_fedora/hwn2020_misfortune_fedora_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_misfortune_fedora_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_misfortune_fedora/hwn2020_misfortune_fedora_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_misfortune_fedora_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_misfortune_fedora/hwn2020_misfortune_fedora_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_misfortune_fedora_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_kindlin_candles/hw2013_kindlin_candles_demo.mdl #TF_hw2013_kindlin_candles_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_kindlin_candles/hw2013_kindlin_candles_pyro.mdl #TF_hw2013_kindlin_candles_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_kindlin_candles/hw2013_kindlin_candles_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_kindlin_candles_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/gunpointcoilhat/gunpointcoilhat_engineer.mdl #TF_gunpointcoilhat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/gunpointcoilhat/gunpointcoilhat_sniper.mdl #TF_gunpointcoilhat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/gunpointcoilhat/gunpointcoilhat_scout.mdl #TF_gunpointcoilhat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/gunpointcoilhat/gunpointcoilhat_soldier.mdl #TF_gunpointcoilhat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_jolly_jester/dec21_jolly_jester_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_jolly_jester_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_jolly_jester/dec21_jolly_jester_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_jolly_jester_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_jolly_jester/dec21_jolly_jester_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_jolly_jester_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_jolly_jester/dec21_jolly_jester_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_jolly_jester_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style4_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_lumbercap/dec22_lumbercap_scout.mdl #TF_dec22_lumbercap_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_lumbercap/dec22_lumbercap_engineer.mdl #TF_dec22_lumbercap_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_lumbercap/dec22_lumbercap_sniper.mdl #TF_dec22_lumbercap_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_lumbercap/dec22_lumbercap_soldier.mdl #TF_dec22_lumbercap_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_the_cotton_head/fall2013_the_cotton_head_scout.mdl #TF_fall2013_the_cotton_head_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_the_cotton_head/fall2013_the_cotton_head_sniper.mdl #TF_fall2013_the_cotton_head_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_the_cotton_head/fall2013_the_cotton_head_soldier.mdl #TF_fall2013_the_cotton_head_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_the_cotton_head/fall2013_the_cotton_head_engineer.mdl #TF_fall2013_the_cotton_head_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style1/sum21_manndatory_attire_style1_pyro.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style1_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style1/sum21_manndatory_attire_style1_demo.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style1_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style1/sum21_manndatory_attire_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style1/sum21_manndatory_attire_style1_scout.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_arkham_cowl/bak_arkham_cowl_scout.mdl #TF_bak_arkham_cowl_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_arkham_cowl/bak_arkham_cowl_soldier.mdl #TF_bak_arkham_cowl_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_arkham_cowl/bak_arkham_cowl_engineer.mdl #TF_bak_arkham_cowl_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_arkham_cowl/bak_arkham_cowl_sniper.mdl #TF_bak_arkham_cowl_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/horace/horace_sniper.mdl #TF_horace_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/horace/horace_soldier.mdl #TF_horace_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/horace/horace_engineer.mdl #TF_horace_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/horace/horace_scout.mdl #TF_horace_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1/sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1/sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1/sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1/sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1_scout.mdl #TF_sbox2014_knight_helmet_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_horrible_horns/hwn2019_horrible_horns_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2019_horrible_horns_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_horrible_horns/hwn2019_horrible_horns_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2019_horrible_horns_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_horrible_horns/hwn2019_horrible_horns_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2019_horrible_horns_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_horrible_horns/hwn2019_horrible_horns_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2019_horrible_horns_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_scariest_mask/hwn2021_scariest_mask_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_scariest_mask_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_scariest_mask/hwn2021_scariest_mask_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_scariest_mask_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_scariest_mask/hwn2021_scariest_mask_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_scariest_mask_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_scariest_mask/hwn2021_scariest_mask_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_scariest_mask_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_armor_shoes/sbox2014_armor_shoes_demo.mdl #TF_sbox2014_armor_shoes_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_armor_shoes/sbox2014_armor_shoes_scout.mdl #TF_sbox2014_armor_shoes_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_vintage_director/short2014_vintage_director_soldier.mdl #TF_short2014_vintage_director_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_vintage_director/short2014_vintage_director_sniper.mdl #TF_short2014_vintage_director_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_vintage_director/short2014_vintage_director_engineer.mdl #TF_short2014_vintage_director_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_vintage_director/short2014_vintage_director_scout.mdl #TF_short2014_vintage_director_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_hong_kong_cone/fall2013_hong_kong_cone_scout.mdl #TF_fall2013_hong_kong_cone_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_hong_kong_cone/fall2013_hong_kong_cone_engineer.mdl #TF_fall2013_hong_kong_cone_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_hong_kong_cone/fall2013_hong_kong_cone_sniper.mdl #TF_fall2013_hong_kong_cone_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_hong_kong_cone/fall2013_hong_kong_cone_soldier.mdl #TF_fall2013_hong_kong_cone_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup_style2/dec23_cozy_coverup_style2_scout.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup_style2/dec23_cozy_coverup_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup_style2/dec23_cozy_coverup_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup_style2/dec23_cozy_coverup_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_universal_translator/invasion_universal_translator_soldier.mdl #TF_invasion_universal_translator_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_universal_translator/invasion_universal_translator_sniper.mdl #TF_invasion_universal_translator_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_universal_translator/invasion_universal_translator_engineer.mdl #TF_invasion_universal_translator_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_universal_translator/invasion_universal_translator_scout.mdl #TF_invasion_universal_translator_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_globetrotter_s2/dec19_globetrotter_s2_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_globetrotter_s2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_globetrotter_s2/dec19_globetrotter_s2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec19_globetrotter_s2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_globetrotter_s2/dec19_globetrotter_s2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_globetrotter_s2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_globetrotter_s2/dec19_globetrotter_s2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_globetrotter_s2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_bone_cone_style2/hwn2021_bone_cone_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_bone_cone_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_bone_cone_style2/hwn2021_bone_cone_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_bone_cone_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_bone_cone_style2/hwn2021_bone_cone_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_bone_cone_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_bone_cone_style2/hwn2021_bone_cone_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_bone_cone_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_festive_fascinator_style1/dec20_festive_fascinator_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_festive_fascinator_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_festive_fascinator_style1/dec20_festive_fascinator_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_festive_fascinator_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_festive_fascinator_style1/dec20_festive_fascinator_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_festive_fascinator_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_festive_fascinator_style1/dec20_festive_fascinator_style1_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_festive_fascinator_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_undercover_brolly/sum22_undercover_brolly_scout.mdl #TF_sum22_undercover_brolly_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_undercover_brolly/sum22_undercover_brolly_engineer.mdl #TF_sum22_undercover_brolly_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_undercover_brolly/sum22_undercover_brolly_soldier.mdl #TF_sum22_undercover_brolly_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_undercover_brolly/sum22_undercover_brolly_sniper.mdl #TF_sum22_undercover_brolly_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann_style3/hwn2022_onimann_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann_style3/hwn2022_onimann_style3_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann_style3/hwn2022_onimann_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann_style3/hwn2022_onimann_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_hotdog/fwk_hotdog_soldier.mdl #TF_fwk_hotdog_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_hotdog/fwk_hotdog_engineer.mdl #TF_fwk_hotdog_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_hotdog/fwk_hotdog_scout.mdl #TF_fwk_hotdog_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_hotdog/fwk_hotdog_sniper.mdl #TF_fwk_hotdog_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_king_cardbeard/hwn2020_king_cardbeard_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_king_cardbeard_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_king_cardbeard/hwn2020_king_cardbeard_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_king_cardbeard_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_king_cardbeard/hwn2020_king_cardbeard_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_king_cardbeard_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_king_cardbeard/hwn2020_king_cardbeard_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_king_cardbeard_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_snowmann/dec16_snowmann_sniper.mdl #TF_dec16_snowmann_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_snowmann/dec16_snowmann_scout.mdl #TF_dec16_snowmann_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_snowmann/dec16_snowmann_soldier.mdl #TF_dec16_snowmann_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_snowmann/dec16_snowmann_engineer.mdl #TF_dec16_snowmann_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_polar_pullover/xms2013_polar_pullover_sniper.mdl #TF_xms2013_polar_pullover_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_polar_pullover/xms2013_polar_pullover_engineer.mdl #TF_xms2013_polar_pullover_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_polar_pullover/xms2013_polar_pullover_scout.mdl #TF_xms2013_polar_pullover_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_polar_pullover/xms2013_polar_pullover_soldier.mdl #TF_xms2013_polar_pullover_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/jul13_se_headset/jul13_se_headset_engineer.mdl #TF_jul13_se_headset_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/jul13_se_headset/jul13_se_headset_scout.mdl #TF_jul13_se_headset_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/jul13_se_headset/jul13_se_headset_soldier.mdl #TF_jul13_se_headset_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/jul13_se_headset/jul13_se_headset_sniper.mdl #TF_jul13_se_headset_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_computron/hwn2021_computron_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_computron_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_computron/hwn2021_computron_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_computron_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_cozy_catchers/dec21_cozy_catchers_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_cozy_catchers_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_cozy_catchers/dec21_cozy_catchers_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_cozy_catchers_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_cozy_catchers/dec21_cozy_catchers_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_cozy_catchers_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_cozy_catchers/dec21_cozy_catchers_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_cozy_catchers_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_weight_room_warmer/fall2013_weight_room_warmer_scout.mdl #TF_fall2013_weight_room_warmer_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr17_legendary_lid/spr17_legendary_lid_scout.mdl #TF_spr17_legendary_lid_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr17_legendary_lid/spr17_legendary_lid_soldier.mdl #TF_spr17_legendary_lid_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr17_legendary_lid/spr17_legendary_lid_engineer.mdl #TF_spr17_legendary_lid_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr17_legendary_lid/spr17_legendary_lid_sniper.mdl #TF_spr17_legendary_lid_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_tundra_top/spr18_tundra_top_scout.mdl #TF_spr18_tundra_top_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_tundra_top/spr18_tundra_top_soldier.mdl #TF_spr18_tundra_top_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_tundra_top/spr18_tundra_top_sniper.mdl #TF_spr18_tundra_top_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_tundra_top/spr18_tundra_top_engineer.mdl #TF_spr18_tundra_top_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_towering_patch/hwn2021_towering_patch_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_towering_patch_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_towering_patch/hwn2021_towering_patch_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_towering_patch_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_towering_patch/hwn2021_towering_patch_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_towering_patch_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_towering_patch/hwn2021_towering_patch_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_towering_patch_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style3/sum21_manndatory_attire_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style3/sum21_manndatory_attire_style3_demo.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style3_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style3/sum21_manndatory_attire_style3_pyro.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style3_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style3/sum21_manndatory_attire_style3_scout.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style1/all_earmuffs_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style1/all_earmuffs_style1_scout.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style1/all_earmuffs_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style1/all_earmuffs_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_magical_mercenary/hw2013_the_magical_mercenary_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_magical_mercenary_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_magical_mercenary/hw2013_the_magical_mercenary_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_magical_mercenary_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_magical_mercenary/hw2013_the_magical_mercenary_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_magical_mercenary_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_magical_mercenary/hw2013_the_magical_mercenary_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_magical_mercenary_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_loaf_loafers_style2/sum20_loaf_loafers_style2_demo.mdl #TF_sum20_loaf_loafers_style2_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_loaf_loafers_style2/sum20_loaf_loafers_style2_scout.mdl #TF_sum20_loaf_loafers_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_hollowed_helm/hwn2020_hollowed_helm_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_hollowed_helm_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_hollowed_helm/hwn2020_hollowed_helm_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_hollowed_helm_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_hollowed_helm/hwn2020_hollowed_helm_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_hollowed_helm_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_hollowed_helm/hwn2020_hollowed_helm_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_hollowed_helm_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_dapper_dickens/dec23_dapper_dickens_soldier.mdl #TF_dec23_dapper_dickens_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_dapper_dickens/dec23_dapper_dickens_sniper.mdl #TF_dec23_dapper_dickens_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_dapper_dickens/dec23_dapper_dickens_engineer.mdl #TF_dec23_dapper_dickens_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_dapper_dickens/dec23_dapper_dickens_scout.mdl #TF_dec23_dapper_dickens_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2024_fleet_commander_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat/cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat_engineer.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat/cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat_sniper.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat/cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat_soldier.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat/cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat_scout.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_captain_cardbeard_cutthroat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_trappers_flap_style2/dec22_trappers_flap_style2_scout.mdl #TF_dec22_trappers_flap_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_trappers_flap_style2/dec22_trappers_flap_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec22_trappers_flap_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_trappers_flap_style2/dec22_trappers_flap_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec22_trappers_flap_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_trappers_flap_style2/dec22_trappers_flap_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec22_trappers_flap_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_toadstool_topper/hwn2016_toadstool_topper_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2016_toadstool_topper_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_toadstool_topper/hwn2016_toadstool_topper_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2016_toadstool_topper_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_toadstool_topper/hwn2016_toadstool_topper_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2016_toadstool_topper_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_toadstool_topper/hwn2016_toadstool_topper_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2016_toadstool_topper_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_nasty_norsemann/hwn2016_nasty_norsemann_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2016_nasty_norsemann_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_nasty_norsemann/hwn2016_nasty_norsemann_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2016_nasty_norsemann_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_nasty_norsemann/hwn2016_nasty_norsemann_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2016_nasty_norsemann_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_nasty_norsemann/hwn2016_nasty_norsemann_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2016_nasty_norsemann_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handsome_devil/hwn2020_handsome_devil_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handsome_devil_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handsome_devil/hwn2020_handsome_devil_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handsome_devil_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handsome_devil/hwn2020_handsome_devil_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handsome_devil_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handsome_devil/hwn2020_handsome_devil_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handsome_devil_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2_scout.mdl #TF_dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_battle_music/dec24_battle_music_soldier.mdl #TF_dec24_battle_music_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_battle_music/dec24_battle_music_engineer.mdl #TF_dec24_battle_music_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_battle_music/dec24_battle_music_scout.mdl #TF_dec24_battle_music_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_battle_music/dec24_battle_music_sniper.mdl #TF_dec24_battle_music_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/pyro_hazmat_3/pyro_hazmat_3_pyro.mdl #TF_pyro_hazmat_3_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_el_fiestibrero/dec21_el_fiestibrero_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_el_fiestibrero_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_el_fiestibrero/dec21_el_fiestibrero_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_el_fiestibrero_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_el_fiestibrero/dec21_el_fiestibrero_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_el_fiestibrero_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_el_fiestibrero/dec21_el_fiestibrero_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_el_fiestibrero_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_smissmas_saxton/dec19_smissmas_saxton_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_smissmas_saxton_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_smissmas_saxton/dec19_smissmas_saxton_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_smissmas_saxton_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_smissmas_saxton/dec19_smissmas_saxton_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_smissmas_saxton_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_smissmas_saxton/dec19_smissmas_saxton_soldier.mdl #TF_dec19_smissmas_saxton_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_zipper_suit/sbox2014_zipper_suit_engineer.mdl #TF_sbox2014_zipper_suit_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_zipper_suit/sbox2014_zipper_suit_pyro.mdl #TF_sbox2014_zipper_suit_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_festive_frames/dec21_festive_frames_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_festive_frames_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_festive_frames/dec21_festive_frames_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_festive_frames_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_festive_frames/dec21_festive_frames_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_festive_frames_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_festive_frames/dec21_festive_frames_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_festive_frames_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_eyequarium_style2/hwn2021_eyequarium_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_eyequarium_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_eyequarium_style2/hwn2021_eyequarium_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_eyequarium_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_eyequarium_style2/hwn2021_eyequarium_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_eyequarium_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_eyequarium_style2/hwn2021_eyequarium_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_eyequarium_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_gift_bringer/dec15_gift_bringer_soldier.mdl #TF_dec15_gift_bringer_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_dogger/robo_dogger_soldier.mdl #TF_robo_dogger_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_dogger/robo_dogger_engineer.mdl #TF_robo_dogger_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_dogger/robo_dogger_sniper.mdl #TF_robo_dogger_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_dogger/robo_dogger_scout.mdl #TF_robo_dogger_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_shoestring_santa/dec20_shoestring_santa_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_shoestring_santa_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_shoestring_santa/dec20_shoestring_santa_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_shoestring_santa_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_shoestring_santa/dec20_shoestring_santa_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_shoestring_santa_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_shoestring_santa/dec20_shoestring_santa_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_shoestring_santa_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec18_bread_heads/dec18_bread_heads_soldier.mdl #TF_dec18_bread_heads_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec18_bread_heads/dec18_bread_heads_scout.mdl #TF_dec18_bread_heads_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec18_bread_heads/dec18_bread_heads_sniper.mdl #TF_dec18_bread_heads_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec18_bread_heads/dec18_bread_heads_engineer.mdl #TF_dec18_bread_heads_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat/hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat/hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat/hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat/hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2018_lucky_cat_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_balloonihoodie/dec17_balloonihoodie_soldier.mdl #TF_dec17_balloonihoodie_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_balloonihoodie/dec17_balloonihoodie_sniper.mdl #TF_dec17_balloonihoodie_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_balloonihoodie/dec17_balloonihoodie_engineer.mdl #TF_dec17_balloonihoodie_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_balloonihoodie/dec17_balloonihoodie_scout.mdl #TF_dec17_balloonihoodie_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_jungle_ops/fall17_jungle_ops_soldier.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_ops_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_jungle_ops/fall17_jungle_ops_sniper.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_ops_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_jungle_ops/fall17_jungle_ops_engineer.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_ops_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_jungle_ops/fall17_jungle_ops_scout.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_ops_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2015_dino_hoodie/hwn2015_dino_hoodie_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2015_dino_hoodie_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2015_dino_hoodie/hwn2015_dino_hoodie_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2015_dino_hoodie_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2015_dino_hoodie/hwn2015_dino_hoodie_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2015_dino_hoodie_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2015_dino_hoodie/hwn2015_dino_hoodie_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2015_dino_hoodie_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_necroprancer_style1/dec24_necroprancer_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec24_necroprancer_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_necroprancer_style1/dec24_necroprancer_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec24_necroprancer_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_necroprancer_style1/dec24_necroprancer_style1_scout.mdl #TF_dec24_necroprancer_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_necroprancer_style1/dec24_necroprancer_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec24_necroprancer_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_glittering_garland/dec19_glittering_garland_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_glittering_garland_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_bone_cone/hwn2021_bone_cone_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_bone_cone_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_bone_cone/hwn2021_bone_cone_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_bone_cone_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_bone_cone/hwn2021_bone_cone_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_bone_cone_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_bone_cone/hwn2021_bone_cone_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_bone_cone_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_pumpkin_top/hw2013_pumpkin_top_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_pumpkin_top_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_pumpkin_top/hw2013_pumpkin_top_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_pumpkin_top_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_pumpkin_top/hw2013_pumpkin_top_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_pumpkin_top_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_pumpkin_top/hw2013_pumpkin_top_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_pumpkin_top_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_scout.mdl #TF_dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat/dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_dec15_a_well_wrapped_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_gibus/robo_all_gibus_scout.mdl #TF_robo_all_gibus_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_gibus/robo_all_gibus_sniper.mdl #TF_robo_all_gibus_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_gibus/robo_all_gibus_engineer.mdl #TF_robo_all_gibus_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_gibus/robo_all_gibus_soldier.mdl #TF_robo_all_gibus_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_woolen_warmer/dec16_woolen_warmer_scout.mdl #TF_dec16_woolen_warmer_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_woolen_warmer/dec16_woolen_warmer_engineer.mdl #TF_dec16_woolen_warmer_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_woolen_warmer/dec16_woolen_warmer_sniper.mdl #TF_dec16_woolen_warmer_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_woolen_warmer/dec16_woolen_warmer_soldier.mdl #TF_dec16_woolen_warmer_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/brimstone_hat/brimstone_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_brimstone_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/brimstone_hat/brimstone_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_brimstone_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/brimstone_hat/brimstone_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_brimstone_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/brimstone_hat/brimstone_hat_scout.mdl #TF_brimstone_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_eyequarium/hwn2021_eyequarium_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_eyequarium_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_eyequarium/hwn2021_eyequarium_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_eyequarium_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_eyequarium/hwn2021_eyequarium_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_eyequarium_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_eyequarium/hwn2021_eyequarium_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_eyequarium_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_brain_cane/dec21_brain_cane_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_brain_cane_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_brain_cane/dec21_brain_cane_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_brain_cane_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_brain_cane/dec21_brain_cane_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_brain_cane_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_brain_cane/dec21_brain_cane_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_brain_cane_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2018_deadbeats/hwn2018_deadbeats_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2018_deadbeats_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2018_deadbeats/hwn2018_deadbeats_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2018_deadbeats_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2018_deadbeats/hwn2018_deadbeats_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2018_deadbeats_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2018_deadbeats/hwn2018_deadbeats_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2018_deadbeats_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap/sum25_team_cap_sniper.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap/sum25_team_cap_scout.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap/sum25_team_cap_engineer.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap/sum25_team_cap_soldier.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_pyro.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2/hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_captain_space_mann/invasion_captain_space_mann_scout.mdl #TF_invasion_captain_space_mann_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_captain_space_mann/invasion_captain_space_mann_sniper.mdl #TF_invasion_captain_space_mann_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_captain_space_mann/invasion_captain_space_mann_soldier.mdl #TF_invasion_captain_space_mann_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_captain_space_mann/invasion_captain_space_mann_pyro.mdl #TF_invasion_captain_space_mann_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/invasion_captain_space_mann/invasion_captain_space_mann_engineer.mdl #TF_invasion_captain_space_mann_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_stiff_buddy/hw2013_stiff_buddy_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_stiff_buddy_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_stiff_buddy/hw2013_stiff_buddy_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_stiff_buddy_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_stiff_buddy/hw2013_stiff_buddy_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_stiff_buddy_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_stiff_buddy/hw2013_stiff_buddy_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_stiff_buddy_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_bat_hat/hwn2019_bat_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2019_bat_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_bat_hat/hwn2019_bat_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2019_bat_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_bat_hat/hwn2019_bat_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2019_bat_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_bat_hat/hwn2019_bat_hat_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2019_bat_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_eye_see_you/hwn2020_eye_see_you_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_eye_see_you_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_eye_see_you/hwn2020_eye_see_you_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_eye_see_you_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_eye_see_you/hwn2020_eye_see_you_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_eye_see_you_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_eye_see_you/hwn2020_eye_see_you_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_eye_see_you_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_patriot_peak/dec15_patriot_peak_scout.mdl #TF_dec15_patriot_peak_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_patriot_peak/dec15_patriot_peak_sniper.mdl #TF_dec15_patriot_peak_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_patriot_peak/dec15_patriot_peak_soldier.mdl #TF_dec15_patriot_peak_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_patriot_peak/dec15_patriot_peak_engineer.mdl #TF_dec15_patriot_peak_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style3/sum25_team_cap_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style3/sum25_team_cap_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style3/sum25_team_cap_style3_scout.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style3/sum25_team_cap_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_pestering_jester/hwn2016_pestering_jester_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2016_pestering_jester_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_pestering_jester/hwn2016_pestering_jester_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2016_pestering_jester_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_seacaptain/fwk_seacaptain_engineer.mdl #TF_fwk_seacaptain_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_seacaptain/fwk_seacaptain_sniper.mdl #TF_fwk_seacaptain_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_seacaptain/fwk_seacaptain_soldier.mdl #TF_fwk_seacaptain_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_seacaptain/fwk_seacaptain_scout.mdl #TF_fwk_seacaptain_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_head_prize/dec16_head_prize_scout.mdl #TF_dec16_head_prize_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_head_prize/dec16_head_prize_sniper.mdl #TF_dec16_head_prize_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_head_prize/dec16_head_prize_soldier.mdl #TF_dec16_head_prize_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec16_head_prize/dec16_head_prize_engineer.mdl #TF_dec16_head_prize_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_bumble_beenie/dec19_bumble_beenie_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_bumble_beenie_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_bumble_beenie/dec19_bumble_beenie_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_bumble_beenie_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_bumble_beenie/dec19_bumble_beenie_soldier.mdl #TF_dec19_bumble_beenie_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_bumble_beenie/dec19_bumble_beenie_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_bumble_beenie_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5/hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2022_beaten_bruised_style5_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_loaf_loafers_style1/sum20_loaf_loafers_style1_demo.mdl #TF_sum20_loaf_loafers_style1_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_loaf_loafers_style1/sum20_loaf_loafers_style1_scout.mdl #TF_sum20_loaf_loafers_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper/hwn2021_goalkeeper_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper/hwn2021_goalkeeper_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper/hwn2021_goalkeeper_pyro.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper/hwn2021_goalkeeper_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_goalkeeper/hwn2021_goalkeeper_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_goalkeeper_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_lil_moe/short2014_lil_moe_soldier.mdl #TF_short2014_lil_moe_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_lil_moe/short2014_lil_moe_scout.mdl #TF_short2014_lil_moe_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_lil_moe/short2014_lil_moe_engineer.mdl #TF_short2014_lil_moe_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_lil_moe/short2014_lil_moe_sniper.mdl #TF_short2014_lil_moe_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_winter_wrap_up/dec19_winter_wrap_up_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_winter_wrap_up_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_winter_wrap_up/dec19_winter_wrap_up_pyro.mdl #TF_dec19_winter_wrap_up_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_winter_wrap_up/dec19_winter_wrap_up_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_winter_wrap_up_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_sniper.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_engineer.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_soldier.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation/cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_scout.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_the_rotation_sensation_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann_style2/hwn2022_onimann_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann_style2/hwn2022_onimann_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann_style2/hwn2022_onimann_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann_style2/hwn2022_onimann_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/angsty_hood/angsty_hood_engineer.mdl #TF_angsty_hood_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/angsty_hood/angsty_hood_soldier.mdl #TF_angsty_hood_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/angsty_hood/angsty_hood_scout.mdl #TF_angsty_hood_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/angsty_hood/angsty_hood_sniper.mdl #TF_angsty_hood_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_trick_stabber/hwn2019_trick_stabber_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2019_trick_stabber_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer/hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2022_starlight_sorcerer_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1/hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2024_fleet_commander_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_triboniophorus/hwn2024_triboniophorus_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2024_triboniophorus_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_triboniophorus/hwn2024_triboniophorus_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2024_triboniophorus_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_triboniophorus/hwn2024_triboniophorus_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2024_triboniophorus_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2024_triboniophorus/hwn2024_triboniophorus_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2024_triboniophorus_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_sniper_shako/xms2013_sniper_shako_sniper.mdl #TF_xms2013_sniper_shako_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_sniper_shako/xms2013_sniper_shako_soldier.mdl #TF_xms2013_sniper_shako_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_chill_chullo/dec15_chill_chullo_soldier.mdl #TF_dec15_chill_chullo_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_chill_chullo/dec15_chill_chullo_sniper.mdl #TF_dec15_chill_chullo_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_chill_chullo/dec15_chill_chullo_engineer.mdl #TF_dec15_chill_chullo_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec15_chill_chullo/dec15_chill_chullo_scout.mdl #TF_dec15_chill_chullo_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_twisted_topper/hwn2021_twisted_topper_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_twisted_topper_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_twisted_topper/hwn2021_twisted_topper_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_twisted_topper_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_twisted_topper/hwn2021_twisted_topper_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_twisted_topper_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_twisted_topper/hwn2021_twisted_topper_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_twisted_topper_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie_style3/dec23_boarders_beanie_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie_style3/dec23_boarders_beanie_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie_style3/dec23_boarders_beanie_style3_scout.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie_style3/dec23_boarders_beanie_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2/fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2_scout.mdl #TF_fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2/fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2_sniper.mdl #TF_fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2/fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2_soldier.mdl #TF_fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2/fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2_engineer.mdl #TF_fall2013_the_cotton_head_s2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dappertopper/dappertopper_sniper.mdl #TF_dappertopper_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dappertopper/dappertopper_engineer.mdl #TF_dappertopper_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dappertopper/dappertopper_scout.mdl #TF_dappertopper_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dappertopper/dappertopper_soldier.mdl #TF_dappertopper_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handy_thing_style2/hwn2020_handy_thing_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handy_thing_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handy_thing_style2/hwn2020_handy_thing_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handy_thing_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handy_thing_style2/hwn2020_handy_thing_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handy_thing_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handy_thing_style2/hwn2020_handy_thing_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handy_thing_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie/dec23_boarders_beanie_engineer.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie/dec23_boarders_beanie_sniper.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie/dec23_boarders_beanie_scout.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_boarders_beanie/dec23_boarders_beanie_soldier.mdl #TF_dec23_boarders_beanie_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_scout_demo_faunlegs/hw2013_scout_demo_faunlegs_demo.mdl #TF_hw2013_scout_demo_faunlegs_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_scout_demo_faunlegs/hw2013_scout_demo_faunlegs_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_scout_demo_faunlegs_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_sophisticated_smoker/sum20_sophisticated_smoker_soldier.mdl #TF_sum20_sophisticated_smoker_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_sophisticated_smoker/sum20_sophisticated_smoker_engineer.mdl #TF_sum20_sophisticated_smoker_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_pillar_of_beanies/dec20_pillar_of_beanies_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_pillar_of_beanies_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_pillar_of_beanies/dec20_pillar_of_beanies_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_pillar_of_beanies_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_pillar_of_beanies/dec20_pillar_of_beanies_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_pillar_of_beanies_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_pillar_of_beanies/dec20_pillar_of_beanies_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_pillar_of_beanies_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/pyro_hazmat_4/pyro_hazmat_4_pyro.mdl #TF_pyro_hazmat_4_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_dark_helm/hw2013_the_dark_helm_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_dark_helm_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_dark_helm/hw2013_the_dark_helm_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_dark_helm_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_dark_helm/hw2013_the_dark_helm_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_dark_helm_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_dark_helm/hw2013_the_dark_helm_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_dark_helm_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec2014_copilot_2014/dec2014_copilot_2014_engineer.mdl #TF_dec2014_copilot_2014_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec2014_copilot_2014/dec2014_copilot_2014_soldier.mdl #TF_dec2014_copilot_2014_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec2014_copilot_2014/dec2014_copilot_2014_sniper.mdl #TF_dec2014_copilot_2014_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec2014_copilot_2014/dec2014_copilot_2014_scout.mdl #TF_dec2014_copilot_2014_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_tricky_chicken/hw2013_tricky_chicken_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_tricky_chicken_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_tricky_chicken/hw2013_tricky_chicken_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_tricky_chicken_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_tricky_chicken/hw2013_tricky_chicken_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_tricky_chicken_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_tricky_chicken/hw2013_tricky_chicken_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_tricky_chicken_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_globetrotter_s1/dec19_globetrotter_s1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_globetrotter_s1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_globetrotter_s1/dec19_globetrotter_s1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_globetrotter_s1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_globetrotter_s1/dec19_globetrotter_s1_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_globetrotter_s1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_globetrotter_s1/dec19_globetrotter_s1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec19_globetrotter_s1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_smissmas_sorcerer/dec20_smissmas_sorcerer_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_smissmas_sorcerer_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_smissmas_sorcerer/dec20_smissmas_sorcerer_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_smissmas_sorcerer_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_smissmas_sorcerer/dec20_smissmas_sorcerer_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_smissmas_sorcerer_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_smissmas_sorcerer/dec20_smissmas_sorcerer_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_smissmas_sorcerer_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup/dec23_cozy_coverup_scout.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup/dec23_cozy_coverup_sniper.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup/dec23_cozy_coverup_engineer.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup/dec23_cozy_coverup_soldier.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2_demo.mdl #TF_hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2_pyro.mdl #TF_hwn2021_tricksters_treats_style2_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_wandering_soul/hw2013_wandering_soul_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_wandering_soul_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style2/sum21_manndatory_attire_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style2/sum21_manndatory_attire_style2_scout.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style2/sum21_manndatory_attire_style2_pyro.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style2_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_manndatory_attire_style2/sum21_manndatory_attire_style2_demo.mdl #TF_sum21_manndatory_attire_style2_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing/hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing/hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing/hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing/hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_beanie_all_gnawing_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_pocket_villians/bak_pocket_villians_demo.mdl #TF_bak_pocket_villians_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_pocket_villians/bak_pocket_villians_soldier.mdl #TF_bak_pocket_villians_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_pocket_villians/bak_pocket_villians_pyro.mdl #TF_bak_pocket_villians_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_bananades/fall17_bananades_soldier.mdl #TF_fall17_bananades_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_bananades/fall17_bananades_demo.mdl #TF_fall17_bananades_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_bananades/fall17_bananades_pyro.mdl #TF_fall17_bananades_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/eotl_furcap/eotl_furcap_soldier.mdl #TF_eotl_furcap_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/eotl_furcap/eotl_furcap_scout.mdl #TF_eotl_furcap_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/eotl_furcap/eotl_furcap_engineer.mdl #TF_eotl_furcap_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/eotl_furcap/eotl_furcap_sniper.mdl #TF_eotl_furcap_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_leather_face/hw2013_leather_face_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_leather_face_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_leather_face/hw2013_leather_face_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_leather_face_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/jul13_fedora/jul13_fedora_sniper.mdl #TF_jul13_fedora_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/jul13_fedora/jul13_fedora_soldier.mdl #TF_jul13_fedora_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/jul13_fedora/jul13_fedora_engineer.mdl #TF_jul13_fedora_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/jul13_fedora/jul13_fedora_scout.mdl #TF_jul13_fedora_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton/hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton/hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton/hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton/hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_sir_pumpkinton_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_festive_rack_style1/dec22_festive_rack_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec22_festive_rack_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_festive_rack_style1/dec22_festive_rack_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec22_festive_rack_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_festive_rack_style1/dec22_festive_rack_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec22_festive_rack_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_festive_rack_style1/dec22_festive_rack_style1_scout.mdl #TF_dec22_festive_rack_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_aztec_warrior/fall17_aztec_warrior_sniper.mdl #TF_fall17_aztec_warrior_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_aztec_warrior/fall17_aztec_warrior_scout.mdl #TF_fall17_aztec_warrior_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_aztec_warrior/fall17_aztec_warrior_engineer.mdl #TF_fall17_aztec_warrior_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_aztec_warrior/fall17_aztec_warrior_soldier.mdl #TF_fall17_aztec_warrior_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_festive_fascinator/dec20_festive_fascinator_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_festive_fascinator_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_festive_fascinator/dec20_festive_fascinator_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_festive_fascinator_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_festive_fascinator/dec20_festive_fascinator_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_festive_fascinator_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_festive_fascinator/dec20_festive_fascinator_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_festive_fascinator_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hiphunter_boots/hiphunter_boots_scout.mdl #TF_hiphunter_boots_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hiphunter_boots/hiphunter_boots_demo.mdl #TF_hiphunter_boots_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_citizen_cane_s1/dec19_citizen_cane_s1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_citizen_cane_s1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_citizen_cane_s1/dec19_citizen_cane_s1_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_citizen_cane_s1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_citizen_cane_s1/dec19_citizen_cane_s1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_citizen_cane_s1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_citizen_cane_s1/dec19_citizen_cane_s1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec19_citizen_cane_s1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum23_brothers_blues/sum23_brothers_blues_sniper.mdl #TF_sum23_brothers_blues_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum23_brothers_blues/sum23_brothers_blues_scout.mdl #TF_sum23_brothers_blues_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum23_brothers_blues/sum23_brothers_blues_engineer.mdl #TF_sum23_brothers_blues_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum23_brothers_blues/sum23_brothers_blues_soldier.mdl #TF_sum23_brothers_blues_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers/hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_spooky_head_bouncers_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_candy_crown/dec19_candy_crown_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_candy_crown_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_candy_crown/dec19_candy_crown_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_candy_crown_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_candy_crown/dec19_candy_crown_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_candy_crown_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_candy_crown/dec19_candy_crown_soldier.mdl #TF_dec19_candy_crown_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_robin_walkers/spr18_robin_walkers_scout.mdl #TF_spr18_robin_walkers_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_robin_walkers/spr18_robin_walkers_demo.mdl #TF_spr18_robin_walkers_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_dapper_dickens_style2/dec23_dapper_dickens_style2_scout.mdl #TF_dec23_dapper_dickens_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_dapper_dickens_style2/dec23_dapper_dickens_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec23_dapper_dickens_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_dapper_dickens_style2/dec23_dapper_dickens_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec23_dapper_dickens_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_dapper_dickens_style2/dec23_dapper_dickens_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec23_dapper_dickens_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn_spy_priest/hwn_spy_priest_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn_spy_priest_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn_spy_priest/hwn_spy_priest_pyro.mdl #TF_hwn_spy_priest_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_teufort_knight/bak_teufort_knight_scout.mdl #TF_bak_teufort_knight_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_teufort_knight/bak_teufort_knight_engineer.mdl #TF_bak_teufort_knight_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_teufort_knight/bak_teufort_knight_sniper.mdl #TF_bak_teufort_knight_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/bak_teufort_knight/bak_teufort_knight_soldier.mdl #TF_bak_teufort_knight_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/riflemans_rallycap/riflemans_rallycap_sniper.mdl #TF_riflemans_rallycap_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/riflemans_rallycap/riflemans_rallycap_soldier.mdl #TF_riflemans_rallycap_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/riflemans_rallycap/riflemans_rallycap_scout.mdl #TF_riflemans_rallycap_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/riflemans_rallycap/riflemans_rallycap_engineer.mdl #TF_riflemans_rallycap_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_jolly_jingler/dec20_jolly_jingler_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_jolly_jingler_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_jolly_jingler/dec20_jolly_jingler_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_jolly_jingler_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_jolly_jingler/dec20_jolly_jingler_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_jolly_jingler_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_jolly_jingler/dec20_jolly_jingler_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_jolly_jingler_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_knight_helmet/sbox2014_knight_helmet_scout.mdl #TF_sbox2014_knight_helmet_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_knight_helmet/sbox2014_knight_helmet_engineer.mdl #TF_sbox2014_knight_helmet_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_knight_helmet/sbox2014_knight_helmet_soldier.mdl #TF_sbox2014_knight_helmet_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sbox2014_knight_helmet/sbox2014_knight_helmet_sniper.mdl #TF_sbox2014_knight_helmet_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handy_thing/hwn2020_handy_thing_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handy_thing_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handy_thing/hwn2020_handy_thing_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handy_thing_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handy_thing/hwn2020_handy_thing_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handy_thing_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_handy_thing/hwn2020_handy_thing_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_handy_thing_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann/hwn2022_onimann_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann/hwn2022_onimann_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann/hwn2022_onimann_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2022_onimann/hwn2022_onimann_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2022_onimann_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/enlightened_mann/enlightened_mann_soldier.mdl #TF_enlightened_mann_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_colonel_kringle/dec22_colonel_kringle_scout.mdl #TF_dec22_colonel_kringle_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_colonel_kringle/dec22_colonel_kringle_soldier.mdl #TF_dec22_colonel_kringle_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_colonel_kringle/dec22_colonel_kringle_engineer.mdl #TF_dec22_colonel_kringle_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_colonel_kringle/dec22_colonel_kringle_sniper.mdl #TF_dec22_colonel_kringle_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_festive_rack_style2/dec22_festive_rack_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec22_festive_rack_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_festive_rack_style2/dec22_festive_rack_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec22_festive_rack_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_festive_rack_style2/dec22_festive_rack_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec22_festive_rack_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_festive_rack_style2/dec22_festive_rack_style2_scout.mdl #TF_dec22_festive_rack_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran/sum22_decorated_veteran_soldier.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran/sum22_decorated_veteran_engineer.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran/sum22_decorated_veteran_sniper.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran/sum22_decorated_veteran_scout.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_caws_of_death/hw2013_the_caws_of_death_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_caws_of_death_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/pyro_hazmat/pyro_hazmat_pyro.mdl #TF_pyro_hazmat_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_noble_amassment/robo_all_noble_amassment_sniper.mdl #TF_robo_all_noble_amassment_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_noble_amassment/robo_all_noble_amassment_engineer.mdl #TF_robo_all_noble_amassment_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_noble_amassment/robo_all_noble_amassment_soldier.mdl #TF_robo_all_noble_amassment_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_noble_amassment/robo_all_noble_amassment_scout.mdl #TF_robo_all_noble_amassment_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_truckers_topper/dec17_truckers_topper_scout.mdl #TF_dec17_truckers_topper_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_truckers_topper/dec17_truckers_topper_engineer.mdl #TF_dec17_truckers_topper_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_cowboyhat/fwk_cowboyhat_engineer.mdl #TF_fwk_cowboyhat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_cowboyhat/fwk_cowboyhat_soldier.mdl #TF_fwk_cowboyhat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_cowboyhat/fwk_cowboyhat_sniper.mdl #TF_fwk_cowboyhat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/enlightened_mann_s2/enlightened_mann_s2_soldier.mdl #TF_enlightened_mann_s2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_head_hedge/spr18_head_hedge_soldier.mdl #TF_spr18_head_hedge_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_head_hedge/spr18_head_hedge_sniper.mdl #TF_spr18_head_hedge_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_reindoonibeanie/dec20_reindoonibeanie_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_reindoonibeanie_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_reindoonibeanie/dec20_reindoonibeanie_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_reindoonibeanie_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_reindoonibeanie/dec20_reindoonibeanie_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_reindoonibeanie_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_reindoonibeanie/dec20_reindoonibeanie_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_reindoonibeanie_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_trappers_flap_style1/dec22_trappers_flap_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec22_trappers_flap_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_trappers_flap_style1/dec22_trappers_flap_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec22_trappers_flap_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_trappers_flap_style1/dec22_trappers_flap_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec22_trappers_flap_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec22_trappers_flap_style1/dec22_trappers_flap_style1_scout.mdl #TF_dec22_trappers_flap_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/briskweather_beanie/briskweather_beanie_soldier.mdl #TF_briskweather_beanie_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/briskweather_beanie/briskweather_beanie_scout.mdl #TF_briskweather_beanie_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/briskweather_beanie/briskweather_beanie_sniper.mdl #TF_briskweather_beanie_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/briskweather_beanie/briskweather_beanie_engineer.mdl #TF_briskweather_beanie_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hiphunter_hat/hiphunter_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_hiphunter_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hiphunter_hat/hiphunter_hat_scout.mdl #TF_hiphunter_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hiphunter_hat/hiphunter_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_hiphunter_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hiphunter_hat/hiphunter_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_hiphunter_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon/hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_wrap_a_khamon_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_festive_frames_style1/dec21_festive_frames_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_festive_frames_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_festive_frames_style1/dec21_festive_frames_style1_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_festive_frames_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_festive_frames_style1/dec21_festive_frames_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_festive_frames_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_festive_frames_style1/dec21_festive_frames_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_festive_frames_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_seasonal_spring/dec21_seasonal_spring_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_seasonal_spring_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_seasonal_spring/dec21_seasonal_spring_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_seasonal_spring_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_seasonal_spring/dec21_seasonal_spring_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_seasonal_spring_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_seasonal_spring/dec21_seasonal_spring_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_seasonal_spring_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_professionals_pom_pom/dec20_professionals_pom_pom_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_professionals_pom_pom_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_professionals_pom_pom/dec20_professionals_pom_pom_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_professionals_pom_pom_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_professionals_pom_pom/dec20_professionals_pom_pom_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_professionals_pom_pom_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_professionals_pom_pom/dec20_professionals_pom_pom_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_professionals_pom_pom_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_war_eagle/fall17_war_eagle_soldier.mdl #TF_fall17_war_eagle_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell/hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_hat_outta_hell_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style2/dec21_gnome_dome_style2_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style2/dec21_gnome_dome_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style2/dec21_gnome_dome_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style2/dec21_gnome_dome_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran_style2/sum22_decorated_veteran_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran_style2/sum22_decorated_veteran_style2_scout.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran_style2/sum22_decorated_veteran_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran_style2/sum22_decorated_veteran_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style4/all_earmuffs_style4_sniper.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style4_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style4/all_earmuffs_style4_soldier.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style4_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style4/all_earmuffs_style4_scout.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style4_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style4/all_earmuffs_style4_engineer.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style4_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_mister_bones/hwn2019_mister_bones_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2019_mister_bones_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_mister_bones/hwn2019_mister_bones_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2019_mister_bones_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_mister_bones/hwn2019_mister_bones_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2019_mister_bones_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2019_mister_bones/hwn2019_mister_bones_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2019_mister_bones_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style2/all_earmuffs_style2_scout.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style2/all_earmuffs_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style2/all_earmuffs_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/all_earmuffs_style2/all_earmuffs_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_all_earmuffs_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/brotherhood_2/brotherhood_2_scout.mdl #TF_brotherhood_2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/brotherhood_2/brotherhood_2_soldier.mdl #TF_brotherhood_2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/brotherhood_2/brotherhood_2_sniper.mdl #TF_brotherhood_2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/brotherhood_2/brotherhood_2_engineer.mdl #TF_brotherhood_2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_ballooniphones/sum21_ballooniphones_engineer.mdl #TF_sum21_ballooniphones_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_ballooniphones/sum21_ballooniphones_scout.mdl #TF_sum21_ballooniphones_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_ballooniphones/sum21_ballooniphones_sniper.mdl #TF_sum21_ballooniphones_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum21_ballooniphones/sum21_ballooniphones_soldier.mdl #TF_sum21_ballooniphones_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_lil_bitey/hwn2016_lil_bitey_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2016_lil_bitey_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_lil_bitey/hwn2016_lil_bitey_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2016_lil_bitey_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_lil_bitey/hwn2016_lil_bitey_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2016_lil_bitey_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_lil_bitey/hwn2016_lil_bitey_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2016_lil_bitey_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_giftcrafter/dec21_giftcrafter_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_giftcrafter_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_giftcrafter/dec21_giftcrafter_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_giftcrafter_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_giftcrafter/dec21_giftcrafter_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_giftcrafter_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_giftcrafter/dec21_giftcrafter_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_giftcrafter_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon/hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon/hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon/hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon/hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2023_lunatic_fedora_neon_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_towering_pillar/robo_all_towering_pillar_soldier.mdl #TF_robo_all_towering_pillar_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_towering_pillar/robo_all_towering_pillar_sniper.mdl #TF_robo_all_towering_pillar_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_towering_pillar/robo_all_towering_pillar_scout.mdl #TF_robo_all_towering_pillar_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/robo_all_towering_pillar/robo_all_towering_pillar_engineer.mdl #TF_robo_all_towering_pillar_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_jacket/xms2013_jacket_scout.mdl #TF_xms2013_jacket_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_jacket/xms2013_jacket_soldier.mdl #TF_xms2013_jacket_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_jacket/xms2013_jacket_pyro.mdl #TF_xms2013_jacket_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_jacket/xms2013_jacket_demo.mdl #TF_xms2013_jacket_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_winter_hat_scarf/xms2013_winter_hat_scarf_scout.mdl #TF_xms2013_winter_hat_scarf_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_winter_hat_scarf/xms2013_winter_hat_scarf_engineer.mdl #TF_xms2013_winter_hat_scarf_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_winter_hat_scarf/xms2013_winter_hat_scarf_sniper.mdl #TF_xms2013_winter_hat_scarf_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xms2013_winter_hat_scarf/xms2013_winter_hat_scarf_soldier.mdl #TF_xms2013_winter_hat_scarf_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/pyro_hazmat_2/pyro_hazmat_2_pyro.mdl #TF_pyro_hazmat_2_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_class_crown/hwn2016_class_crown_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2016_class_crown_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_class_crown/hwn2016_class_crown_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2016_class_crown_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_class_crown/hwn2016_class_crown_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2016_class_crown_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2016_class_crown/hwn2016_class_crown_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2016_class_crown_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_citizen_cane_s2/dec19_citizen_cane_s2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_citizen_cane_s2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_citizen_cane_s2/dec19_citizen_cane_s2_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_citizen_cane_s2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_citizen_cane_s2/dec19_citizen_cane_s2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_citizen_cane_s2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_citizen_cane_s2/dec19_citizen_cane_s2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec19_citizen_cane_s2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_hallows_hatte/hwn2020_hallows_hatte_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2020_hallows_hatte_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_hallows_hatte/hwn2020_hallows_hatte_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_hallows_hatte_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_hallows_hatte/hwn2020_hallows_hatte_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2020_hallows_hatte_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2020_hallows_hatte/hwn2020_hallows_hatte_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2020_hallows_hatte_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_necroprancer_style2/dec24_necroprancer_style2_scout.mdl #TF_dec24_necroprancer_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_necroprancer_style2/dec24_necroprancer_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_dec24_necroprancer_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_necroprancer_style2/dec24_necroprancer_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_dec24_necroprancer_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec24_necroprancer_style2/dec24_necroprancer_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_dec24_necroprancer_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_antarctic_eyewear/spr18_antarctic_eyewear_sniper.mdl #TF_spr18_antarctic_eyewear_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_antarctic_eyewear/spr18_antarctic_eyewear_engineer.mdl #TF_spr18_antarctic_eyewear_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/spr18_antarctic_eyewear/spr18_antarctic_eyewear_scout.mdl #TF_spr18_antarctic_eyewear_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_jungle_wreath/fall17_jungle_wreath_scout.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_wreath_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_jungle_wreath/fall17_jungle_wreath_soldier.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_wreath_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_jungle_wreath/fall17_jungle_wreath_engineer.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_wreath_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_jungle_wreath/fall17_jungle_wreath_sniper.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_wreath_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style4/sum25_team_cap_style4_sniper.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style4_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style4/sum25_team_cap_style4_soldier.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style4_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style4/sum25_team_cap_style4_engineer.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style4_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum25_team_cap_style4/sum25_team_cap_style4_scout.mdl #TF_sum25_team_cap_style4_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_second_headwear_style2/hwn2021_second_headwear_style2_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_second_headwear_style2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_second_headwear_style2/hwn2021_second_headwear_style2_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_second_headwear_style2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_second_headwear_style2/hwn2021_second_headwear_style2_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_second_headwear_style2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_second_headwear_style2/hwn2021_second_headwear_style2_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_second_headwear_style2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran_style3/sum22_decorated_veteran_style3_scout.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran_style3/sum22_decorated_veteran_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran_style3/sum22_decorated_veteran_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum22_decorated_veteran_style3/sum22_decorated_veteran_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_sum22_decorated_veteran_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_haunted_hat/hw2013_the_haunted_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_haunted_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_haunted_hat/hw2013_the_haunted_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_haunted_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_haunted_hat/hw2013_the_haunted_hat_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_haunted_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_haunted_hat/hw2013_the_haunted_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_haunted_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall2013_fancycoat/fall2013_fancycoat_scout.mdl #TF_fall2013_fancycoat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_manneater/hw2013_the_manneater_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_manneater_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_manneater/hw2013_the_manneater_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_manneater_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_manneater/hw2013_the_manneater_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_manneater_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_manneater/hw2013_the_manneater_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_manneater_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum23_full_metal_helmet/sum23_full_metal_helmet_sniper.mdl #TF_sum23_full_metal_helmet_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum23_full_metal_helmet/sum23_full_metal_helmet_soldier.mdl #TF_sum23_full_metal_helmet_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum23_full_metal_helmet/sum23_full_metal_helmet_engineer.mdl #TF_sum23_full_metal_helmet_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum23_full_metal_helmet/sum23_full_metal_helmet_scout.mdl #TF_sum23_full_metal_helmet_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_tricksters_treats/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_demo.mdl #TF_hwn2021_tricksters_treats_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_tricksters_treats/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_pyro.mdl #TF_hwn2021_tricksters_treats_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_tricksters_treats/hwn2021_tricksters_treats_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_tricksters_treats_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_volatile_voodoo/hw2013_volatile_voodoo_pyro.mdl #TF_hw2013_volatile_voodoo_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_volatile_voodoo/hw2013_volatile_voodoo_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_volatile_voodoo_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_yule_hog/dec19_yule_hog_scout.mdl #TF_dec19_yule_hog_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_yule_hog/dec19_yule_hog_engineer.mdl #TF_dec19_yule_hog_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_yule_hog/dec19_yule_hog_sniper.mdl #TF_dec19_yule_hog_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec19_yule_hog/dec19_yule_hog_soldier.mdl #TF_dec19_yule_hog_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2015_duckyhat/hwn2015_duckyhat_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2015_duckyhat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2015_duckyhat/hwn2015_duckyhat_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2015_duckyhat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2015_duckyhat/hwn2015_duckyhat_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2015_duckyhat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2015_duckyhat/hwn2015_duckyhat_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2015_duckyhat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_second_headwear/hwn2021_second_headwear_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2021_second_headwear_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_second_headwear/hwn2021_second_headwear_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2021_second_headwear_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_second_headwear/hwn2021_second_headwear_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2021_second_headwear_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2021_second_headwear/hwn2021_second_headwear_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2021_second_headwear_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_tip_of_the_hats/short2014_tip_of_the_hats_engineer.mdl #TF_short2014_tip_of_the_hats_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_tip_of_the_hats/short2014_tip_of_the_hats_sniper.mdl #TF_short2014_tip_of_the_hats_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_tip_of_the_hats/short2014_tip_of_the_hats_scout.mdl #TF_short2014_tip_of_the_hats_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/short2014_tip_of_the_hats/short2014_tip_of_the_hats_soldier.mdl #TF_short2014_tip_of_the_hats_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_breadcrab/sum20_breadcrab_soldier.mdl #TF_sum20_breadcrab_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_breadcrab/sum20_breadcrab_engineer.mdl #TF_sum20_breadcrab_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_breadcrab/sum20_breadcrab_sniper.mdl #TF_sum20_breadcrab_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum20_breadcrab/sum20_breadcrab_scout.mdl #TF_sum20_breadcrab_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_merry_cone/dec21_merry_cone_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_merry_cone_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_merry_cone/dec21_merry_cone_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_merry_cone_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_merry_cone/dec21_merry_cone_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_merry_cone_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_merry_cone/dec21_merry_cone_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_merry_cone_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_seacaptain_s2/fwk_seacaptain_s2_scout.mdl #TF_fwk_seacaptain_s2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_seacaptain_s2/fwk_seacaptain_s2_engineer.mdl #TF_fwk_seacaptain_s2_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_seacaptain_s2/fwk_seacaptain_s2_sniper.mdl #TF_fwk_seacaptain_s2_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fwk_seacaptain_s2/fwk_seacaptain_s2_soldier.mdl #TF_fwk_seacaptain_s2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_clowns_coverup/hwn2023_clowns_coverup_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2023_clowns_coverup_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_clowns_coverup/hwn2023_clowns_coverup_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2023_clowns_coverup_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_clowns_coverup/hwn2023_clowns_coverup_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2023_clowns_coverup_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_clowns_coverup/hwn2023_clowns_coverup_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2023_clowns_coverup_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/fall17_nuke/fall17_nuke_soldier.mdl #TF_fall17_nuke_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_oh_deer/dec21_oh_deer_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_oh_deer_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_oh_deer/dec21_oh_deer_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_oh_deer_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_oh_deer/dec21_oh_deer_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_oh_deer_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_oh_deer/dec21_oh_deer_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_oh_deer_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup_style3/dec23_cozy_coverup_style3_engineer.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_style3_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup_style3/dec23_cozy_coverup_style3_scout.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_style3_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup_style3/dec23_cozy_coverup_style3_sniper.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_style3_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec23_cozy_coverup_style3/dec23_cozy_coverup_style3_soldier.mdl #TF_dec23_cozy_coverup_style3_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style1/dec21_gnome_dome_style1_scout.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style1_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style1/dec21_gnome_dome_style1_soldier.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style1_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style1/dec21_gnome_dome_style1_engineer.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style1_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec21_gnome_dome_style1/dec21_gnome_dome_style1_sniper.mdl #TF_dec21_gnome_dome_style1_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xmas2013_jacket_s2/xmas2013_jacket_s2_soldier.mdl #TF_xmas2013_jacket_s2_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xmas2013_jacket_s2/xmas2013_jacket_s2_demo.mdl #TF_xmas2013_jacket_s2_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xmas2013_jacket_s2/xmas2013_jacket_s2_scout.mdl #TF_xmas2013_jacket_s2_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/xmas2013_jacket_s2/xmas2013_jacket_s2_pyro.mdl #TF_xmas2013_jacket_s2_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_caribou_companion/dec17_caribou_companion_sniper.mdl #TF_dec17_caribou_companion_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_caribou_companion/dec17_caribou_companion_soldier.mdl #TF_dec17_caribou_companion_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_caribou_companion/dec17_caribou_companion_scout.mdl #TF_dec17_caribou_companion_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec17_caribou_companion/dec17_caribou_companion_engineer.mdl #TF_dec17_caribou_companion_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_meancaptain/hwn2023_meancaptain_engineer.mdl #TF_hwn2023_meancaptain_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_meancaptain/hwn2023_meancaptain_soldier.mdl #TF_hwn2023_meancaptain_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_meancaptain/hwn2023_meancaptain_scout.mdl #TF_hwn2023_meancaptain_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hwn2023_meancaptain/hwn2023_meancaptain_sniper.mdl #TF_hwn2023_meancaptain_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum24_brand_loyalist/sum24_brand_loyalist_engineer.mdl #TF_sum24_brand_loyalist_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum24_brand_loyalist/sum24_brand_loyalist_scout.mdl #TF_sum24_brand_loyalist_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum24_brand_loyalist/sum24_brand_loyalist_soldier.mdl #TF_sum24_brand_loyalist_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/sum24_brand_loyalist/sum24_brand_loyalist_sniper.mdl #TF_sum24_brand_loyalist_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_scout.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_sniper.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_engineer.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_soldier.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_demo.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern/hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_pyro.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_enlightening_lantern_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_particulate_protector/dec20_particulate_protector_sniper.mdl #TF_dec20_particulate_protector_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_particulate_protector/dec20_particulate_protector_engineer.mdl #TF_dec20_particulate_protector_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_particulate_protector/dec20_particulate_protector_scout.mdl #TF_dec20_particulate_protector_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/all_class/dec20_particulate_protector/dec20_particulate_protector_soldier.mdl #TF_dec20_particulate_protector_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2018_athenian_attire/hwn2018_athenian_attire.mdl #TF_hwn2018_athenian_attire.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum21_fried_batter/sum21_fried_batter.mdl #TF_sum21_fried_batter.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2023_last_laugh_style1/hwn2023_last_laugh_style1.mdl #TF_hwn2023_last_laugh_style1.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sf14_talon_trotters/sf14_talon_trotters.mdl #TF_sf14_talon_trotters.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec15_hot_heels/dec15_hot_heels.mdl #TF_dec15_hot_heels.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec2014_marauders_mask/dec2014_marauders_mask.mdl #TF_dec2014_marauders_mask.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sf14_scout_hunter_legs/sf14_scout_hunter_legs.mdl #TF_sf14_scout_hunter_legs.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2023_last_laugh/hwn2023_last_laugh.mdl #TF_hwn2023_last_laugh.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec18_juveniles_jumper_modern/dec18_juveniles_jumper_modern.mdl #TF_dec18_juveniles_jumper_modern.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/xms2013_scout_skicap/xms2013_scout_skicap.mdl #TF_xms2013_scout_skicap.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/invasion_cadet_visor/invasion_cadet_visor.mdl #TF_invasion_cadet_visor.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum20_poolside_polo/sum20_poolside_polo.mdl #TF_sum20_poolside_polo.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/bak_bat_backup/bak_bat_backup.mdl #TF_bak_bat_backup.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec24_triple_jumper/dec24_triple_jumper.mdl #TF_dec24_triple_jumper.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec18_millennial_mercenary_style3/dec18_millennial_mercenary_style3.mdl #TF_dec18_millennial_mercenary_style3.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/spr17_the_lightning_lid/spr17_the_lightning_lid.mdl #TF_spr17_the_lightning_lid.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec2014_truands_tunic/dec2014_truands_tunic.mdl #TF_dec2014_truands_tunic.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/robo_scout_bolt_boy/robo_scout_bolt_boy.mdl #TF_robo_scout_bolt_boy.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec18_juveniles_jumper/dec18_juveniles_jumper.mdl #TF_dec18_juveniles_jumper.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec21_seasonal_employee/dec21_seasonal_employee.mdl #TF_dec21_seasonal_employee.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum19_speedy_scoundrel_style2/sum19_speedy_scoundrel_style2.mdl #TF_sum19_speedy_scoundrel_style2.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec23_isotopic_insulator/dec23_isotopic_insulator.mdl #TF_dec23_isotopic_insulator.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec18_millennial_mercenary_style2/dec18_millennial_mercenary_style2.mdl #TF_dec18_millennial_mercenary_style2.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2015_death_racer_helmet/hwn2015_death_racer_helmet.mdl #TF_hwn2015_death_racer_helmet.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/snowboard_hat/snowboard_hat.mdl #TF_snowboard_hat.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/spr18_blizzard_britches/spr18_blizzard_britches.mdl #TF_spr18_blizzard_britches.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2015_bargain_bicorne/hwn2015_bargain_bicorne.mdl #TF_hwn2015_bargain_bicorne.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hw2013_the_hell_runner/hw2013_the_hell_runner.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_hell_runner.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_brain_bucket/sum22_brain_bucket.mdl #TF_sum22_brain_bucket.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/spr18_wipe_out_wraps/spr18_wipe_out_wraps.mdl #TF_spr18_wipe_out_wraps.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/xms2013_scout_drummer_hat/xms2013_scout_drummer_hat.mdl #TF_xms2013_scout_drummer_hat.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/jul13_greased_lightning/jul13_greased_lightning.mdl #TF_jul13_greased_lightning.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum19_bottle_cap_style1/sum19_bottle_cap_style1.mdl #TF_sum19_bottle_cap_style1.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum25_mann_hour/sum25_mann_hour.mdl #TF_sum25_mann_hour.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/blinks_breeches/blinks_breeches.mdl #TF_blinks_breeches.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_ripped_rider/sum22_ripped_rider.mdl #TF_sum22_ripped_rider.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/xms_scout_elf_sneakers/xms_scout_elf_sneakers.mdl #TF_xms_scout_elf_sneakers.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/cc_summer2015_fortunate_son/cc_summer2015_fortunate_son.mdl #TF_cc_summer2015_fortunate_son.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/short2014_ninja_boots/short2014_ninja_boots.mdl #TF_short2014_ninja_boots.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/xms_scout_elf_sneakers_style1/xms_scout_elf_sneakers_style1.mdl #TF_xms_scout_elf_sneakers_style1.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec23_bonk_beanie/dec23_bonk_beanie.mdl #TF_dec23_bonk_beanie.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hw2013_terrifying_terrier_trousers/hw2013_terrifying_terrier_trousers.mdl #TF_hw2013_terrifying_terrier_trousers.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/bak_sidekicks_side_slick_s2/bak_sidekicks_side_slick_s2.mdl #TF_bak_sidekicks_side_slick_s2.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2019_remorseless_raptor/hwn2019_remorseless_raptor.mdl #TF_hwn2019_remorseless_raptor.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2016_wing_mann/hwn2016_wing_mann.mdl #TF_hwn2016_wing_mann.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec18_millennial_mercenary/dec18_millennial_mercenary.mdl #TF_dec18_millennial_mercenary.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/fall17_forest_footwear/fall17_forest_footwear.mdl #TF_fall17_forest_footwear.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/fall2013_neo_tokyo_runner/fall2013_neo_tokyo_runner.mdl #TF_fall2013_neo_tokyo_runner.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2019_fuel_injector_style2/hwn2019_fuel_injector_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2019_fuel_injector_style2.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/jul13_the_cunningmann/jul13_the_cunningmann.mdl #TF_jul13_the_cunningmann.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/bak_crook_combatant/bak_crook_combatant.mdl #TF_bak_crook_combatant.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum19_lion_of_the_seas/sum19_lion_of_the_seas.mdl #TF_sum19_lion_of_the_seas.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec18_millennial_mercenary_style1/dec18_millennial_mercenary_style1.mdl #TF_dec18_millennial_mercenary_style1.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2022_masked_fiend/hwn2022_masked_fiend.mdl #TF_hwn2022_masked_fiend.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2018_hephaistos_handcraft/hwn2018_hephaistos_handcraft.mdl #TF_hwn2018_hephaistos_handcraft.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/robo_scout_baker_boy/robo_scout_baker_boy.mdl #TF_robo_scout_baker_boy.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2021_batters_beak/hwn2021_batters_beak.mdl #TF_hwn2021_batters_beak.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum24_tankers_top/sum24_tankers_top.mdl #TF_sum24_tankers_top.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum21_meal_dealer/sum21_meal_dealer.mdl #TF_sum21_meal_dealer.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_team_player/sum22_team_player.mdl #TF_sum22_team_player.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sept2014_thirst_blood/sept2014_thirst_blood.mdl #TF_sept2014_thirst_blood.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2023_jumping_jester/hwn2023_jumping_jester.mdl #TF_hwn2023_jumping_jester.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum20_california_cap/sum20_california_cap.mdl #TF_sum20_california_cap.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec21_seasonal_employee_style1/dec21_seasonal_employee_style1.mdl #TF_dec21_seasonal_employee_style1.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sf14_scout_hunter_head/sf14_scout_hunter_head.mdl #TF_sf14_scout_hunter_head.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum25_headliner/sum25_headliner.mdl #TF_sum25_headliner.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec23_bonk_beanie_style2/dec23_bonk_beanie_style2.mdl #TF_dec23_bonk_beanie_style2.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/jul13_scout_varsity/jul13_scout_varsity.mdl #TF_jul13_scout_varsity.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2022_imps_imprint/hwn2022_imps_imprint.mdl #TF_hwn2022_imps_imprint.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/xms_scout_elf_hat/xms_scout_elf_hat.mdl #TF_xms_scout_elf_hat.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum23_prohibition_opposition/sum23_prohibition_opposition.mdl #TF_sum23_prohibition_opposition.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hw2013_halloweiner/hw2013_halloweiner.mdl #TF_hw2013_halloweiner.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum23_brimmed_bootlegger/sum23_brimmed_bootlegger.mdl #TF_sum23_brimmed_bootlegger.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec24_crimbo_cap/dec24_crimbo_cap.mdl #TF_dec24_crimbo_cap.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum19_speedy_scoundrel/sum19_speedy_scoundrel.mdl #TF_sum19_speedy_scoundrel.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/bak_sidekicks_side_slick/bak_sidekicks_side_slick.mdl #TF_bak_sidekicks_side_slick.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2019_fuel_injector/hwn2019_fuel_injector.mdl #TF_hwn2019_fuel_injector.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_brain_bucket_style3/sum22_brain_bucket_style3.mdl #TF_sum22_brain_bucket_style3.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sbox2014_ticket_boy/sbox2014_ticket_boy.mdl #TF_sbox2014_ticket_boy.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum24_commonwealth/sum24_commonwealth.mdl #TF_sum24_commonwealth.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_throttlehead_style2/sum22_throttlehead_style2.mdl #TF_sum22_throttlehead_style2.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec2014_fools_footwear/dec2014_fools_footwear.mdl #TF_dec2014_fools_footwear.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hw2013_boston_bandy_mask/hw2013_boston_bandy_mask.mdl #TF_hw2013_boston_bandy_mask.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hw2013_bunny_mann/hw2013_bunny_mann.mdl #TF_hw2013_bunny_mann.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/dec18_juveniles_jumper_plain/dec18_juveniles_jumper_plain.mdl #TF_dec18_juveniles_jumper_plain.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_brain_bucket_style5/sum22_brain_bucket_style5.mdl #TF_sum22_brain_bucket_style5.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/spr18_punks_pomp/spr18_punks_pomp.mdl #TF_spr18_punks_pomp.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/short2014_minja_vest/short2014_minja_vest.mdl #TF_short2014_minja_vest.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum19_pompous_privateer/sum19_pompous_privateer.mdl #TF_sum19_pompous_privateer.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_brain_bucket_style4/sum22_brain_bucket_style4.mdl #TF_sum22_brain_bucket_style4.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hw2013_horrifying_hound_hood/hw2013_horrifying_hound_hood.mdl #TF_hw2013_horrifying_hound_hood.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/scout_halloweenshoes/scout_halloweenshoes.mdl #TF_scout_halloweenshoes.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_brain_bucket_style2/sum22_brain_bucket_style2.mdl #TF_sum22_brain_bucket_style2.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum19_bottle_cap/sum19_bottle_cap.mdl #TF_sum19_bottle_cap.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/short2014_scout_ninja_mask/short2014_scout_ninja_mask.mdl #TF_short2014_scout_ninja_mask.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/medieval_glory_boots/medieval_glory_boots.mdl #TF_medieval_glory_boots.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sum22_throttlehead/sum22_throttlehead.mdl #TF_sum22_throttlehead.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/sf14_nugget_noggin/sf14_nugget_noggin.mdl #TF_sf14_nugget_noggin.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/fall17_jungle_jersey/fall17_jungle_jersey.mdl #TF_fall17_jungle_jersey.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/robo_scout_bonk_helm/robo_scout_bonk_helm.mdl #TF_robo_scout_bonk_helm.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hw2013_running_octopus/hw2013_running_octopus.mdl #TF_hw2013_running_octopus.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2019_fuel_injector_style3/hwn2019_fuel_injector_style3.mdl #TF_hwn2019_fuel_injector_style3.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/knight_helmet/knight_helmet.mdl #TF_knight_helmet.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2024_strikeout/hwn2024_strikeout.mdl #TF_hwn2024_strikeout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/hwn2018_olympic_leapers/hwn2018_olympic_leapers.mdl #TF_hwn2018_olympic_leapers.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/scout/xms_scout_elf_hat_style1/xms_scout_elf_hat_style1.mdl #TF_xms_scout_elf_hat_style1.qc scout animation 
models/workshop/player/items/heavy/dec24_battle_balaclava_style2/dec24_battle_balaclava_style2.mdl #TF_dec24_battle_balaclava_style2.qc heavy animation 
models/workshop/player/items/heavy/dec24_battle_balaclava_style1/dec24_battle_balaclava_style1.mdl #TF_dec24_battle_balaclava_style1.qc heavy animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/sum23_shrapnel_shell_style1/sum23_shrapnel_shell_style1.mdl #TF_sum23_shrapnel_shell_style1.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/sum19_dynamite_abs/sum19_dynamite_abs.mdl #TF_sum19_dynamite_abs.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/dec17_blast_blocker/dec17_blast_blocker.mdl #TF_dec17_blast_blocker.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/sum22_hawaiian_hangover/sum22_hawaiian_hangover.mdl #TF_sum22_hawaiian_hangover.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/dec15_shin_shredders/dec15_shin_shredders.mdl #TF_dec15_shin_shredders.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/hwn2023_mad_lad_style1/hwn2023_mad_lad_style1.mdl #TF_hwn2023_mad_lad_style1.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/dec24_commanding_style1/dec24_commanding_style1.mdl #TF_dec24_commanding_style1.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/hwn2022_nightbane_brim/hwn2022_nightbane_brim.mdl #TF_hwn2022_nightbane_brim.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/demo_dynamite/demo_dynamite.mdl #TF_demo_dynamite.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/sbox2014_juggernaut_jacket/sbox2014_juggernaut_jacket.mdl #TF_sbox2014_juggernaut_jacket.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/sum19_backbreakers_guards/sum19_backbreakers_guards.mdl #TF_sum19_backbreakers_guards.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/jul13_gaelic_garb/jul13_gaelic_garb.mdl #TF_jul13_gaelic_garb.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/dec23_slumber_slacks/dec23_slumber_slacks.mdl #TF_dec23_slumber_slacks.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/dec24_mine_sweepers/dec24_mine_sweepers.mdl #TF_dec24_mine_sweepers.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/xms2013_demo_plaid_boots/xms2013_demo_plaid_boots.mdl #TF_xms2013_demo_plaid_boots.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/dec24_commanding_style2/dec24_commanding_style2.mdl #TF_dec24_commanding_style2.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/sum23_shrapnel_shell_style2/sum23_shrapnel_shell_style2.mdl #TF_sum23_shrapnel_shell_style2.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/dec2014_viking_boots/dec2014_viking_boots.mdl #TF_dec2014_viking_boots.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/sum22_barefoot_brawler/sum22_barefoot_brawler.mdl #TF_sum22_barefoot_brawler.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/demo/hwn2023_mad_lad/hwn2023_mad_lad.mdl #TF_hwn2023_mad_lad.qc demo animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_the_creature_from_the_heap/hw2013_the_creature_from_the_heap.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_creature_from_the_heap.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hazeguard/hazeguard.mdl #TF_hazeguard.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2016_hovering_hotshot/hwn2016_hovering_hotshot.mdl #TF_hwn2016_hovering_hotshot.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2024_chiromancers_style1/hwn2024_chiromancers_style1.mdl #TF_hwn2024_chiromancers_style1.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/fall17_sacrificial_stone/fall17_sacrificial_stone.mdl #TF_fall17_sacrificial_stone.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2015_neptunes_nightmare/hwn2015_neptunes_nightmare.mdl #TF_hwn2015_neptunes_nightmare.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2019_candycranium/hwn2019_candycranium.mdl #TF_hwn2019_candycranium.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum25_abyss/sum25_abyss.mdl #TF_sum25_abyss.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2023_fiercesome_fluorescence_style1/hwn2023_fiercesome_fluorescence_style1.mdl #TF_hwn2023_fiercesome_fluorescence_style1.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum23_flamewarrior_style1/sum23_flamewarrior_style1.mdl #TF_sum23_flamewarrior_style1.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/short2014_the_gas_guzzler/short2014_the_gas_guzzler.mdl #TF_short2014_the_gas_guzzler.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum19_spawn_camper_jacket/sum19_spawn_camper_jacket.mdl #TF_sum19_spawn_camper_jacket.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/robo_pyro_last_watt/robo_pyro_last_watt.mdl #TF_robo_pyro_last_watt.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2024_chiromancers_style2/hwn2024_chiromancers_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2024_chiromancers_style2.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/bak_firefly/bak_firefly.mdl #TF_bak_firefly.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/jul13_el_muchacho/jul13_el_muchacho.mdl #TF_jul13_el_muchacho.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2021_smiling_somen/hwn2021_smiling_somen.mdl #TF_hwn2021_smiling_somen.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum21_water_waders/sum21_water_waders.mdl #TF_sum21_water_waders.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum23_soho_sleuth/sum23_soho_sleuth.mdl #TF_sum23_soho_sleuth.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum22_kazan_karategi/sum22_kazan_karategi.mdl #TF_sum22_kazan_karategi.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/threea_nabler/threea_nabler.mdl #TF_threea_nabler.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2015_firebug_mask/hwn2015_firebug_mask.mdl #TF_hwn2015_firebug_mask.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum25_oxygen/sum25_oxygen.mdl #TF_sum25_oxygen.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2016_combustible_cutie/hwn2016_combustible_cutie.mdl #TF_hwn2016_combustible_cutie.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec22_firebrand/dec22_firebrand.mdl #TF_dec22_firebrand.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/robo_pyro_pyrobotic_tote/robo_pyro_pyrobotic_tote.mdl #TF_robo_pyro_pyrobotic_tote.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2019_head_of_the_dead/hwn2019_head_of_the_dead.mdl #TF_hwn2019_head_of_the_dead.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/short2014_fowl_fryer/short2014_fowl_fryer.mdl #TF_short2014_fowl_fryer.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec23_masked_loyalty_style3/dec23_masked_loyalty_style3.mdl #TF_dec23_masked_loyalty_style3.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/short2014_wildfire_wrappers/short2014_wildfire_wrappers.mdl #TF_short2014_wildfire_wrappers.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/jul13_furious_fryup/jul13_furious_fryup.mdl #TF_jul13_furious_fryup.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_tin_can/hw2013_tin_can.mdl #TF_hw2013_tin_can.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/short2014_sengoku_scorcher/short2014_sengoku_scorcher.mdl #TF_short2014_sengoku_scorcher.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/invasion_jupiter_jetpack/invasion_jupiter_jetpack.mdl #TF_invasion_jupiter_jetpack.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec23_torchers_trench_coat/dec23_torchers_trench_coat.mdl #TF_dec23_torchers_trench_coat.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2020_seared_sorcerer/hwn2020_seared_sorcerer.mdl #TF_hwn2020_seared_sorcerer.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_space_oddity/hw2013_space_oddity.mdl #TF_hw2013_space_oddity.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/fall17_firemanns_essentials/fall17_firemanns_essentials.mdl #TF_fall17_firemanns_essentials.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum25_frogmanns/sum25_frogmanns.mdl #TF_sum25_frogmanns.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec2014_black_knights_bascinet/dec2014_black_knights_bascinet.mdl #TF_dec2014_black_knights_bascinet.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum23_flamewarrior_style2/sum23_flamewarrior_style2.mdl #TF_sum23_flamewarrior_style2.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sf14_the_creatures_grin/sf14_the_creatures_grin.mdl #TF_sf14_the_creatures_grin.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/spr18_hot_case/spr18_hot_case.mdl #TF_spr18_hot_case.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec2014_torchers_tabard/dec2014_torchers_tabard.mdl #TF_dec2014_torchers_tabard.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2019_head_of_the_dead_style2/hwn2019_head_of_the_dead_style2.mdl #TF_hwn2019_head_of_the_dead_style2.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/fall2013_fire_bird/fall2013_fire_bird.mdl #TF_fall2013_fire_bird.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sf14_vampyro/sf14_vampyro.mdl #TF_sf14_vampyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_gothic_guise/hw2013_gothic_guise.mdl #TF_hw2013_gothic_guise.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/fall17_deitys_dress/fall17_deitys_dress.mdl #TF_fall17_deitys_dress.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2021_wandering_wraith/hwn2021_wandering_wraith.mdl #TF_hwn2021_wandering_wraith.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/xms2013_pyro_wood/xms2013_pyro_wood.mdl #TF_xms2013_pyro_wood.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec24_frostbite_fit/dec24_frostbite_fit.mdl #TF_dec24_frostbite_fit.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/jul13_soot_suit/jul13_soot_suit.mdl #TF_jul13_soot_suit.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/invasion_the_space_diver/invasion_the_space_diver.mdl #TF_invasion_the_space_diver.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2020_treehugger/hwn2020_treehugger.mdl #TF_hwn2020_treehugger.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum21_hook_line_cinder/sum21_hook_line_cinder.mdl #TF_sum21_hook_line_cinder.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sf14_lollichop_licker/sf14_lollichop_licker.mdl #TF_sf14_lollichop_licker.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_gristly_gumbo_pot/hw2013_gristly_gumbo_pot.mdl #TF_hw2013_gristly_gumbo_pot.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_hardheaded_hardware/hw2013_hardheaded_hardware.mdl #TF_hw2013_hardheaded_hardware.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sum19_spawn_camper_backpack/sum19_spawn_camper_backpack.mdl #TF_sum19_spawn_camper_backpack.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_dark_orchestra/hw2013_dark_orchestra.mdl #TF_hw2013_dark_orchestra.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2022_fire_breather/hwn2022_fire_breather.mdl #TF_hwn2022_fire_breather.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/invasion_phobos_filter/invasion_phobos_filter.mdl #TF_invasion_phobos_filter.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_beast_from_below/hw2013_beast_from_below.mdl #TF_hw2013_beast_from_below.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_hollowhead/hw2013_hollowhead.mdl #TF_hw2013_hollowhead.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec16_flammable_favor/dec16_flammable_favor.mdl #TF_dec16_flammable_favor.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/xms2013_pyro_sled/xms2013_pyro_sled.mdl #TF_xms2013_pyro_sled.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/bak_fear_monger/bak_fear_monger.mdl #TF_bak_fear_monger.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec23_masked_loyalty/dec23_masked_loyalty.mdl #TF_dec23_masked_loyalty.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2015_firebug_suit/hwn2015_firebug_suit.mdl #TF_hwn2015_firebug_suit.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2019_pyro_lantern/hwn2019_pyro_lantern.mdl #TF_hwn2019_pyro_lantern.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec16_pyro_the_flamedeer/dec16_pyro_the_flamedeer.mdl #TF_dec16_pyro_the_flamedeer.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_corpsemopolitan/hw2013_corpsemopolitan.mdl #TF_hw2013_corpsemopolitan.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2018_mr_quackers/hwn2018_mr_quackers.mdl #TF_hwn2018_mr_quackers.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2021_miami_rooster/hwn2021_miami_rooster.mdl #TF_hwn2021_miami_rooster.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sept2014_pyro_radioactive_mask/sept2014_pyro_radioactive_mask.mdl #TF_sept2014_pyro_radioactive_mask.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/spr17_airtight_arsonist/spr17_airtight_arsonist.mdl #TF_spr17_airtight_arsonist.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/sf14_mr_juice/sf14_mr_juice.mdl #TF_sf14_mr_juice.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_the_glob/hw2013_the_glob.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_glob.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_rugged_respirator/hw2013_rugged_respirator.mdl #TF_hw2013_rugged_respirator.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2020_fire_tooth/hwn2020_fire_tooth.mdl #TF_hwn2020_fire_tooth.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_head_of_the_lake_monster/hw2013_head_of_the_lake_monster.mdl #TF_hw2013_head_of_the_lake_monster.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2023_dead_heat/hwn2023_dead_heat.mdl #TF_hwn2023_dead_heat.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_handhunter/hw2013_handhunter.mdl #TF_hw2013_handhunter.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2023_fiercesome_fluorescence/hwn2023_fiercesome_fluorescence.mdl #TF_hwn2023_fiercesome_fluorescence.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_py40_automaton/hw2013_py40_automaton.mdl #TF_hw2013_py40_automaton.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec16_smissmas_sweater/dec16_smissmas_sweater.mdl #TF_dec16_smissmas_sweater.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hw2013_the_creeps_cowl/hw2013_the_creeps_cowl.mdl #TF_hw2013_the_creeps_cowl.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/skier/skier.mdl #TF_skier.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/dec23_masked_loyalty_style2/dec23_masked_loyalty_style2.mdl #TF_dec23_masked_loyalty_style2.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/ghost_aspect/ghost_aspect.mdl #TF_ghost_aspect.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2018_arachno_arsonist/hwn2018_arachno_arsonist.mdl #TF_hwn2018_arachno_arsonist.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/robo_pyro_figment_filament/robo_pyro_figment_filament.mdl #TF_robo_pyro_figment_filament.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/xms2013_pyro_arctic_mask/xms2013_pyro_arctic_mask.mdl #TF_xms2013_pyro_arctic_mask.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop/player/items/pyro/hwn2019_pyro_shark/hwn2019_pyro_shark.mdl #TF_hwn2019_pyro_shark.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_applebite.mdl #TF_sniper_applebite.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/japan_hat_monarch.mdl #TF_japan_hat_monarch.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/skull_horns_b3.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b3.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_ttg_max.mdl #TF_sniper_ttg_max.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/japan_hat.mdl #TF_japan_hat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_cap_online.mdl #TF_sniper_cap_online.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/skull_horns_b2.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b2.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hardhat_tower.mdl #TF_hardhat_tower.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/treasure_hat_oct.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_oct.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_spiral.mdl #TF_sniper_spiral.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/xms_braindeer.mdl #TF_xms_braindeer.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_appleworm.mdl #TF_sniper_appleworm.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/straw_hat.mdl #TF_straw_hat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/smnc_sniper.mdl #TF_smnc_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/dotasniper_hat.mdl #TF_dotasniper_hat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/pith_helmet.mdl #TF_pith_helmet.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/pro_hat.mdl #TF_pro_hat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/awes_hat.mdl #TF_awes_hat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hat_first_nr.mdl #TF_hat_first_nr.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hat_second_nr.mdl #TF_hat_second_nr.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/bio_sniper_boater.mdl #TF_bio_sniper_boater.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_mnc.mdl #TF_sniper_mnc.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/fwk_sniper_corkhat.mdl #TF_fwk_sniper_corkhat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/jag_shadow.mdl #TF_jag_shadow.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hat_first.mdl #TF_hat_first.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hwn_sniper_hat.mdl #TF_hwn_sniper_hat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_applearrow.mdl #TF_sniper_applearrow.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/paper_hat.mdl #TF_paper_hat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hat_second.mdl #TF_hat_second.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hat_third_nr.mdl #TF_hat_third_nr.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hat_third.mdl #TF_hat_third.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_nohat.mdl #TF_sniper_nohat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_cap.mdl #TF_sniper_cap.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/jarate_headband.mdl #TF_jarate_headband.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_fishinghat.mdl #TF_sniper_fishinghat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_halloween.mdl #TF_sniper_halloween.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/snaggletooth.mdl #TF_snaggletooth.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_bill.mdl #TF_sniper_bill.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/larrikin_robin.mdl #TF_larrikin_robin.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/yeti_hardhat.mdl #TF_yeti_hardhat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/japan_hachimaki.mdl #TF_japan_hachimaki.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/pn2_samhat_sniper.mdl #TF_pn2_samhat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_ellis.mdl #TF_sniper_ellis.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/sniper_crocleather_slouch.mdl #TF_sniper_crocleather_slouch.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/summer_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_summer_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/hardhat.mdl #TF_hardhat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/veteran_hat.mdl #TF_veteran_hat.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/sniper/skull_horns_b.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/engineer/japan_hat_monarch.mdl #TF_japan_hat_monarch.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/skull_horns_b3.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b3.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/japan_hat.mdl #TF_japan_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_bill.mdl #TF_engineer_bill.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/skull_horns_b2.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b2.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hardhat_tower.mdl #TF_hardhat_tower.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_nohat.mdl #TF_engineer_nohat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/treasure_hat_oct.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_oct.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engy_earphones.mdl #TF_engy_earphones.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hwn_engineer_hat.mdl #TF_hwn_engineer_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hat_first_nr.mdl #TF_hat_first_nr.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hat_second_nr.mdl #TF_hat_second_nr.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/weldingmask.mdl #TF_weldingmask.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/fwk_engineer_cranial.mdl #TF_fwk_engineer_cranial.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/summer_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_summer_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_ellis.mdl #TF_engineer_ellis.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_brain.mdl #TF_engineer_brain.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/clockwerk_hat.mdl #TF_clockwerk_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_barnstormer_s02.mdl #TF_engineer_barnstormer_s02.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hat_first.mdl #TF_hat_first.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/paper_hat.mdl #TF_paper_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/bio_voxhood.mdl #TF_bio_voxhood.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_buckaroos_hat.mdl #TF_engineer_buckaroos_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hat_second.mdl #TF_hat_second.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hat_third_nr.mdl #TF_hat_third_nr.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hat_third.mdl #TF_hat_third.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_cowboy_hat.mdl #TF_engineer_cowboy_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_spiral.mdl #TF_engineer_spiral.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_cap_online.mdl #TF_engineer_cap_online.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/drg_brainiac_hair.mdl #TF_drg_brainiac_hair.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_top_hat.mdl #TF_engineer_top_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_ttg_max.mdl #TF_engineer_ttg_max.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_halloween.mdl #TF_engineer_halloween.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_mnc.mdl #TF_engineer_mnc.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/mbsf_engineer.mdl #TF_mbsf_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_cap.mdl #TF_engineer_cap.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/heavy_thinker.mdl #TF_heavy_thinker.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/yeti_hardhat.mdl #TF_yeti_hardhat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/japan_hachimaki.mdl #TF_japan_hachimaki.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/mullet_hat.mdl #TF_mullet_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_train_hat.mdl #TF_engineer_train_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/hardhat.mdl #TF_hardhat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/professor_hair.mdl #TF_professor_hair.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/prospector_hat.mdl #TF_prospector_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/veteran_hat.mdl #TF_veteran_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/skull_horns_b.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/engineer/engineer_barnstormer_s01.mdl #TF_engineer_barnstormer_s01.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/mvm_loot/sniper/robo_sniper_hat.mdl #TF_robo_sniper_hat.qc mvm_loot animation 
models/player/items/mvm_loot/engineer/robo_engy_hat.mdl #TF_robo_engy_hat.qc mvm_loot animation 
models/player/items/mvm_loot/medic/robo_backpack.mdl #TF_robo_backpack.qc mvm_loot animation 
models/player/items/mvm_loot/soldier/robot_helmet.mdl #TF_robot_helmet.qc mvm_loot animation 
models/player/items/mvm_loot/soldier/robot_helmet_bullet.mdl #TF_robot_helmet_bullet.qc mvm_loot animation 
models/player/items/mvm_loot/scout/robo_cap.mdl #TF_robo_cap.qc mvm_loot animation 
models/player/items/mvm_loot/demo/battery_grenade.mdl #TF_battery_grenade.qc mvm_loot animation 
models/player/items/mvm_loot/pyro/pyrobo_backpack.mdl #TF_pyrobo_backpack.qc mvm_loot animation 
models/player/items/medic/shootmanyrobots_medic.mdl #TF_shootmanyrobots_medic.qc medic animation 
models/player/items/soldier/japan_hat_monarch.mdl #TF_japan_hat_monarch.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/skull_horns_b3.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b3.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/japan_hat.mdl #TF_japan_hat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/xms_soldier_ornaments.mdl #TF_xms_soldier_ornaments.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_skihat.mdl #TF_soldier_skihat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/skull_horns_b2.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b2.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hardhat_tower.mdl #TF_hardhat_tower.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_cap.mdl #TF_soldier_cap.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/xms_pyro_ornaments.mdl #TF_xms_pyro_ornaments.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_pot.mdl #TF_soldier_pot.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/treasure_hat_oct.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_oct.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_zipperhead.mdl #TF_soldier_zipperhead.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/xms_demo_ornaments.mdl #TF_xms_demo_ornaments.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_samurai.mdl #TF_soldier_samurai.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_spiral.mdl #TF_soldier_spiral.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_shako.mdl #TF_soldier_shako.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_mnc.mdl #TF_soldier_mnc.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/drg_hair_beard.mdl #TF_drg_hair_beard.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/chief_rocketeer.mdl #TF_chief_rocketeer.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_ttg_max.mdl #TF_soldier_ttg_max.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hat_first_nr.mdl #TF_hat_first_nr.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hat_second_nr.mdl #TF_hat_second_nr.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/ds_football_helmet.mdl #TF_ds_football_helmet.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/homefront_blindfold.mdl #TF_homefront_blindfold.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/bio_soldier_founders_cover.mdl #TF_bio_soldier_founders_cover.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/honchos_headgear.mdl #TF_honchos_headgear.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/luckyshot.mdl #TF_luckyshot.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/jag_bob_haircut.mdl #TF_jag_bob_haircut.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hat_first.mdl #TF_hat_first.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_halloween.mdl #TF_soldier_halloween.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_ellis.mdl #TF_soldier_ellis.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/asian_merc.mdl #TF_asian_merc.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/paper_hat.mdl #TF_paper_hat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/ds_can_grenades.mdl #TF_ds_can_grenades.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hat_second.mdl #TF_hat_second.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hat_third_nr.mdl #TF_hat_third_nr.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hat_third.mdl #TF_hat_third.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_spartan.mdl #TF_soldier_spartan.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/worms_gear.mdl #TF_worms_gear.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_skihat_s1.mdl #TF_soldier_skihat_s1.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/drg_pith_hat.mdl #TF_drg_pith_hat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_hood.mdl #TF_soldier_hood.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_cap_online.mdl #TF_soldier_cap_online.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/summer_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_summer_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/yeti_hardhat.mdl #TF_yeti_hardhat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_bill.mdl #TF_soldier_bill.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/japan_hachimaki.mdl #TF_japan_hachimaki.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_viking.mdl #TF_soldier_viking.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/morion.mdl #TF_morion.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_officer.mdl #TF_soldier_officer.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hardhat.mdl #TF_hardhat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_sargehat.mdl #TF_soldier_sargehat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/bio_soldier_founders.mdl #TF_bio_soldier_founders.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/grenadier_softcap.mdl #TF_grenadier_softcap.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/veteran_hat.mdl #TF_veteran_hat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/skull_horns_b.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/soldier_hood_helmet.mdl #TF_soldier_hood_helmet.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/hwn_soldier_hat.mdl #TF_hwn_soldier_hat.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/ro_helmet.mdl #TF_ro_helmet.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/soldier/bucket.mdl #TF_bucket.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/treasure_hat_02_sniper.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_02_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_antlers_sniper.mdl #TF_xms_antlers_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_bug_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_all_bug_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/skull_engineer.mdl #TF_skull_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_heavy_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_heavy_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_spy_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_spy_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/headsplitter_scout.mdl #TF_headsplitter_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/headsplitter_sniper.mdl #TF_headsplitter_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_oculus_scout.mdl #TF_all_class_oculus_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/notch_head_engineer.mdl #TF_notch_head_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_b_soldier.mdl #TF_all_domination_b_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_antlers_soldier.mdl #TF_xms_antlers_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_furcap_sniper.mdl #TF_xms_furcap_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/chess_sniper_blue.mdl #TF_chess_sniper_blue.qc blue animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_furcap_engineer.mdl #TF_xms_furcap_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/stamper_soldier.mdl #TF_stamper_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/chess_scout_red.mdl #TF_chess_scout_red.qc red animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_oculus_scout_on.mdl #TF_all_class_oculus_scout_on.qc on animation 
models/player/items/all_class/sd_rocket_scout.mdl #TF_sd_rocket_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_reddit_engineer.mdl #TF_all_class_reddit_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_winter_joy_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_xms_winter_joy_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/skull_scout.mdl #TF_skull_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/treasure_hat_02_soldier.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_02_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_heavy_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_heavy_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/world_traveller_engineer.mdl #TF_world_traveller_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_bug_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_all_bug_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pcg_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_pcg_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/notch_head_sniper.mdl #TF_notch_head_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_reddit_scout.mdl #TF_all_class_reddit_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/qc_flask_demo.mdl #TF_qc_flask_demo.qc demo animation 
models/player/items/all_class/replay_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_replay_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_demo_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_demo_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_santa_hat_scout.mdl #TF_xms_santa_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/sd_rocket_sniper.mdl #TF_sd_rocket_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/oh_xmas_tree_engineer.mdl #TF_oh_xmas_tree_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/ghostly_gibus_scout.mdl #TF_ghostly_gibus_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_scrib_m_engineer.mdl #TF_all_scrib_m_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/stamper_scout.mdl #TF_stamper_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pcg_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_pcg_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_antlers_engy.mdl #TF_xms_antlers_engy.qc engy animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_engineer_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_engineer_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/treasure_hat_02_scout.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_02_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/demo_grenade_skulls.mdl #TF_demo_grenade_skulls.qc skulls animation 
models/player/items/all_class/replay_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_replay_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_sniper_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_sniper_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_engineer_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_engineer_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_reddit_alt_scout.mdl #TF_all_class_reddit_alt_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/dueler_soldier.mdl #TF_dueler_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/soundtrack_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_soundtrack_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/trn_wiz_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_trn_wiz_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/replay_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_replay_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/merasmus_skull_sniper.mdl #TF_merasmus_skull_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pumpkin_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_pumpkin_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/crimecraft_helmet_sniper.mdl #TF_crimecraft_helmet_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/stamper_engineer.mdl #TF_stamper_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/up_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_up_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/treasure_hat_01_scout.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_01_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_scrib_m_scout.mdl #TF_all_scrib_m_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/oh_xmas_tree_scout.mdl #TF_oh_xmas_tree_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/world_traveller_scout.mdl #TF_world_traveller_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_reddit_alt_sniper.mdl #TF_all_class_reddit_alt_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/crimecraft_helmet_engineer.mdl #TF_crimecraft_helmet_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/voodoojuju_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_voodoojuju_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_medic_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_medic_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_medic_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_medic_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pumpkin_hat_scout.mdl #TF_pumpkin_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_scout_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_scout_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/executionerhood_scout.mdl #TF_executionerhood_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/parasite_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_parasite_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pumpkin_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_pumpkin_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/yeti_park_cap_scout.mdl #TF_yeti_park_cap_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/ghostly_gibus_soldier.mdl #TF_ghostly_gibus_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_scrib_l_sniper.mdl #TF_all_scrib_l_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/generous_sniper.mdl #TF_generous_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/soundtrack_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_soundtrack_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_saxton_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_saxton_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/yeti_park_cap_soldier.mdl #TF_yeti_park_cap_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/wikicap_engineer.mdl #TF_wikicap_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/seal_mask_sniper.mdl #TF_seal_mask_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/parasite_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_parasite_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/seal_mask_engineer.mdl #TF_seal_mask_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_spy_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_spy_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/executionerhood_engineer.mdl #TF_executionerhood_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_oculus_engineer.mdl #TF_all_class_oculus_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/headsplitter_engineer.mdl #TF_headsplitter_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_scrib_m_soldier.mdl #TF_all_scrib_m_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/summer_deal_soldier.mdl #TF_summer_deal_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/chess_soldier_red.mdl #TF_chess_soldier_red.qc red animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_heavy_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_heavy_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/summer_deal_scout.mdl #TF_summer_deal_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/skull_soldier.mdl #TF_skull_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/saxton_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_saxton_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/bdayhat_engineer.mdl #TF_bdayhat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_medic_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_medic_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/soundtrack_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_soundtrack_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/merasmus_skull_scout.mdl #TF_merasmus_skull_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_engineer_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_engineer_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_steamwhistle_sniper.mdl #TF_xms_steamwhistle_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_2009_scout.mdl #TF_all_domination_2009_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/parasite_hat_scout.mdl #TF_parasite_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/starve_scout.mdl #TF_starve_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/seal_mask_scout.mdl #TF_seal_mask_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/chess_engineer_blue.mdl #TF_chess_engineer_blue.qc blue animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_oculus_soldier.mdl #TF_all_class_oculus_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/generous_engineer.mdl #TF_generous_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/saxton_hat_scout.mdl #TF_saxton_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_demo_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_demo_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_reddit_sniper.mdl #TF_all_class_reddit_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/ghostly_gibus_engineer.mdl #TF_ghostly_gibus_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xcom_flattop_engineer.mdl #TF_xcom_flattop_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_scout_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_scout_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_santa_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_xms_santa_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/executionerhood_sniper.mdl #TF_executionerhood_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_bug_hat_scout.mdl #TF_all_bug_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_sniper_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_sniper_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_oculus_sniper_on.mdl #TF_all_class_oculus_sniper_on.qc on animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_saxton_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_saxton_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_winter_joy_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_xms_winter_joy_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_reckoning_eagonn_soldier.mdl #TF_all_reckoning_eagonn_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_2009_soldier.mdl #TF_all_domination_2009_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_soldier_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_soldier_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/crimecraft_helmet_soldier.mdl #TF_crimecraft_helmet_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/treasure_hat_02_engineer.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_02_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/notch_head_scout.mdl #TF_notch_head_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_scrib_l_engineer.mdl #TF_all_scrib_l_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/wikicap_sniper.mdl #TF_wikicap_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_demo_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_demo_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/qc_flask_pyro.mdl #TF_qc_flask_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_scrib_m_sniper.mdl #TF_all_scrib_m_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_gift_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_xms_gift_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/trn_wiz_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_trn_wiz_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xcom_flattop_scout.mdl #TF_xcom_flattop_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/bdayhat_scout.mdl #TF_bdayhat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/ghostly_gibus_sniper.mdl #TF_ghostly_gibus_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/wikicap_soldier.mdl #TF_wikicap_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_oculus_engineer_on.mdl #TF_all_class_oculus_engineer_on.qc on animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_heavy_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_heavy_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/replay_hat_scout.mdl #TF_replay_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_steamwhistle_scout.mdl #TF_xms_steamwhistle_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_winter_joy_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_xms_winter_joy_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/cowboyboots_demo.mdl #TF_cowboyboots_demo.qc demo animation 
models/player/items/all_class/sd_rocket_engineer.mdl #TF_sd_rocket_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_pyro_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_pyro_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_gift_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_xms_gift_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xcom_flattop_soldier.mdl #TF_xcom_flattop_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_reckoning_eagonn_scout.mdl #TF_all_reckoning_eagonn_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_soldier.mdl #TF_all_domination_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/merasmus_skull_soldier.mdl #TF_merasmus_skull_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_reckoning_eagonn_sniper.mdl #TF_all_reckoning_eagonn_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_b_engineer.mdl #TF_all_domination_b_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_saxton_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_saxton_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pcg_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_pcg_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/yeti_park_cap_sniper.mdl #TF_yeti_park_cap_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_pyro_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_pyro_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/dueler_engineer.mdl #TF_dueler_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/headsplitter_soldier.mdl #TF_headsplitter_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/up_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_up_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/stamper_sniper.mdl #TF_stamper_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/treasure_hat_01_engineer.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_01_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/oh_xmas_tree_sniper.mdl #TF_oh_xmas_tree_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_demo_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_demo_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/saxton_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_saxton_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_b_sniper.mdl #TF_all_domination_b_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/world_traveller_soldier.mdl #TF_world_traveller_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_pyro_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_pyro_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/parasite_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_parasite_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/dueler_sniper.mdl #TF_dueler_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_santa_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_xms_santa_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/up_hat_scout.mdl #TF_up_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_soldier_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_soldier_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_engineer_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_engineer_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/trn_wiz_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_trn_wiz_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/voodoojuju_hat_scout.mdl #TF_voodoojuju_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_2009_engineer.mdl #TF_all_domination_2009_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_soldier_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_soldier_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/bdayhat_soldier.mdl #TF_bdayhat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/crimecraft_helmet_scout.mdl #TF_crimecraft_helmet_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/yeti_park_cap_engineer.mdl #TF_yeti_park_cap_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/chess_sniper_red.mdl #TF_chess_sniper_red.qc red animation 
models/player/items/all_class/haunted_eyeball_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_haunted_eyeball_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_steamwhistle_engineer.mdl #TF_xms_steamwhistle_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/world_traveller_sniper.mdl #TF_world_traveller_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/merasmus_skull_engineer.mdl #TF_merasmus_skull_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_spy_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_spy_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/chess_scout_blue.mdl #TF_chess_scout_blue.qc blue animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pcg_hat_scout.mdl #TF_pcg_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/haunted_eyeball_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_haunted_eyeball_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_sniper_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_sniper_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/starve_engineer.mdl #TF_starve_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_santa_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_xms_santa_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_oculus_soldier_on.mdl #TF_all_class_oculus_soldier_on.qc on animation 
models/player/items/all_class/haunted_eyeball_hat_scout.mdl #TF_haunted_eyeball_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pumpkin_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_pumpkin_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/executionerhood_soldier.mdl #TF_executionerhood_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/pyro_grenade_skulls.mdl #TF_pyro_grenade_skulls.qc skulls animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_scrib_l_scout.mdl #TF_all_scrib_l_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_scout_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_scout_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/notch_head_soldier.mdl #TF_notch_head_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/treasure_hat_01_sniper.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_01_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_steamwhistle_soldier.mdl #TF_xms_steamwhistle_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_saxton_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_saxton_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/chess_soldier_blue.mdl #TF_chess_soldier_blue.qc blue animation 
models/player/items/all_class/qc_flask_soldier.mdl #TF_qc_flask_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/voodoojuju_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_voodoojuju_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_antlers_scout.mdl #TF_xms_antlers_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/generous_soldier.mdl #TF_generous_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/up_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_up_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/bdayhat_sniper.mdl #TF_bdayhat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_pyro_engineer.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_pyro_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_2009_sniper.mdl #TF_all_domination_2009_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_sniper_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_sniper_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_scrib_l_soldier.mdl #TF_all_scrib_l_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/summer_deal_sniper.mdl #TF_summer_deal_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_furcap_scout.mdl #TF_xms_furcap_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/saxton_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_saxton_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_soldier_scout.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_soldier_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/wikicap_scout.mdl #TF_wikicap_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_reckoning_eagonn_engineer.mdl #TF_all_reckoning_eagonn_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_furcap_soldier.mdl #TF_xms_furcap_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/treasure_hat_01_soldier.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_01_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_reddit_soldier.mdl #TF_all_class_reddit_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/dueler_scout.mdl #TF_dueler_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_gift_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_xms_gift_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/cowboyboots_scout.mdl #TF_cowboyboots_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_sniper.mdl #TF_all_domination_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/seal_mask_soldier.mdl #TF_seal_mask_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_reddit_alt_soldier.mdl #TF_all_class_reddit_alt_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_reddit_alt_engineer.mdl #TF_all_class_reddit_alt_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/summer_deal_engineer.mdl #TF_summer_deal_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_engineer.mdl #TF_all_domination_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_bug_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_all_bug_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_b_scout.mdl #TF_all_domination_b_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/soundtrack_hat_scout.mdl #TF_soundtrack_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_scout_sniper.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_scout_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/sd_rocket_soldier.mdl #TF_sd_rocket_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/haunted_eyeball_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_haunted_eyeball_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_gift_hat_scout.mdl #TF_xms_gift_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/voodoojuju_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_voodoojuju_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_class_oculus_sniper.mdl #TF_all_class_oculus_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/soldier_grenade_skulls.mdl #TF_soldier_grenade_skulls.qc skulls animation 
models/player/items/all_class/trn_wiz_hat_scout.mdl #TF_trn_wiz_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/generous_scout.mdl #TF_generous_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_medic_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_medic_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/all_domination_scout.mdl #TF_all_domination_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/skull_sniper.mdl #TF_skull_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/player/items/all_class/chess_engineer_red.mdl #TF_chess_engineer_red.qc red animation 
models/player/items/all_class/xms_winter_joy_hat_scout.mdl #TF_xms_winter_joy_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/all_class/halloween_bag_spy_soldier.mdl #TF_halloween_bag_spy_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/all_class/oh_xmas_tree_soldier.mdl #TF_oh_xmas_tree_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/player/items/scout/japan_hat_monarch.mdl #TF_japan_hat_monarch.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/skull_horns_b3.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b3.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/mnc_mascot_outfit.mdl #TF_mnc_mascot_outfit.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/japan_hat.mdl #TF_japan_hat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/bit_trippers_scout.mdl #TF_bit_trippers_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/skull_horns_b2.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b2.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hardhat_tower.mdl #TF_hardhat_tower.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_mnc.mdl #TF_scout_mnc.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/batter_helmet.mdl #TF_batter_helmet.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/treasure_hat_oct.mdl #TF_treasure_hat_oct.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_whoopee.mdl #TF_scout_whoopee.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_nohat.mdl #TF_scout_nohat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_bill.mdl #TF_scout_bill.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/pilot_protector.mdl #TF_pilot_protector.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hwn_scout_misc1.mdl #TF_hwn_scout_misc1.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_flipped_trilby.mdl #TF_scout_flipped_trilby.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_ttg_max.mdl #TF_scout_ttg_max.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_cap.mdl #TF_scout_cap.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hat_first_nr.mdl #TF_hat_first_nr.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hat_second_nr.mdl #TF_hat_second_nr.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/grfs_scout.mdl #TF_grfs_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_brogues.mdl #TF_scout_brogues.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/mnc_mascot_hat.mdl #TF_mnc_mascot_hat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/beanie.mdl #TF_beanie.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_headband.mdl #TF_scout_headband.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hat_first.mdl #TF_hat_first.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_medallion.mdl #TF_scout_medallion.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/summer_hat_scout.mdl #TF_summer_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_pompadour.mdl #TF_scout_pompadour.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/newsboy_cap.mdl #TF_newsboy_cap.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_headband_s01.mdl #TF_scout_headband_s01.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/paper_hat.mdl #TF_paper_hat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hat_second.mdl #TF_hat_second.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hat_third_nr.mdl #TF_hat_third_nr.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hat_third.mdl #TF_hat_third.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/fwk_scout_provision.mdl #TF_fwk_scout_provision.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hwn_scout_misc2.mdl #TF_hwn_scout_misc2.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hwn_scout_hat.mdl #TF_hwn_scout_hat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_hair.mdl #TF_scout_hair.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/rebel_cap.mdl #TF_rebel_cap.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/pep_hat.mdl #TF_pep_hat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/yeti_hardhat.mdl #TF_yeti_hardhat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/japan_hachimaki.mdl #TF_japan_hachimaki.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_cap_online.mdl #TF_scout_cap_online.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/flipflops.mdl #TF_flipflops.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/milkhat.mdl #TF_milkhat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/hardhat.mdl #TF_hardhat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/fwk_scout_cap.mdl #TF_fwk_scout_cap.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_halloween.mdl #TF_scout_halloween.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_spiral.mdl #TF_scout_spiral.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/veteran_hat.mdl #TF_veteran_hat.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/scout_ellis.mdl #TF_scout_ellis.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/pn2_longfall.mdl #TF_pn2_longfall.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/skull_horns_b.mdl #TF_skull_horns_b.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/scout/bonk_helmet.mdl #TF_bonk_helmet.qc scout animation 
models/player/items/heavy/yeti_arms.mdl #TF_yeti_arms.qc heavy animation 
models/player/items/demo/hwn_demo_misc2.mdl #TF_hwn_demo_misc2.qc demo animation 
models/player/items/demo/bit_trippers_demo.mdl #TF_bit_trippers_demo.qc demo animation 
models/player/items/demo/demo_fiesta_bottles.mdl #TF_demo_fiesta_bottles.qc demo animation 
models/player/items/demo/demo_bombs.mdl #TF_demo_bombs.qc demo animation 
models/player/items/pyro/mtp_backpack.mdl #TF_mtp_backpack.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/pyro_brainhead.mdl #TF_pyro_brainhead.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/fwk_pyro_conscience.mdl #TF_fwk_pyro_conscience.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/pyro_brainhead_s1.mdl #TF_pyro_brainhead_s1.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/drg_pyro_fueltank.mdl #TF_drg_pyro_fueltank.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/pyro_tripwire_tie.mdl #TF_pyro_tripwire_tie.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/pyro_tripwire_mask.mdl #TF_pyro_tripwire_mask.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/xms_backpack_snowglobe.mdl #TF_xms_backpack_snowglobe.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/xms_pyro_bells.mdl #TF_xms_pyro_bells.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/awes_jetpack.mdl #TF_awes_jetpack.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/shootmanyrobots_pyro.mdl #TF_shootmanyrobots_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/pyro_fireworksbag.mdl #TF_pyro_fireworksbag.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/winter_pyro_mask.mdl #TF_winter_pyro_mask.qc pyro animation 
models/player/items/pyro/mtp_bongos.mdl #TF_mtp_bongos.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/sniper/c_bet_brinkhood/c_bet_brinkhood.mdl #TF_c_bet_brinkhood.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/sniper/tw_shako/tw_shako.mdl #TF_tw_shako.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/sniper/dex_hat_sniper/dex_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_dex_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/sniper/thief_sniper_hood/thief_sniper_hood.mdl #TF_thief_sniper_hood.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/engineer/cave_hat/cave_hat.mdl #TF_cave_hat.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/engineer/dex_hat_engineer/dex_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_dex_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/soldier/dex_hat_soldier/dex_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_dex_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/soldier/thief_soldier_helmet/thief_soldier_helmet.mdl #TF_thief_soldier_helmet.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/soldier/hm_cap/hm_cap.mdl #TF_hm_cap.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/prinny_hat/prinny_hat_scout.mdl #TF_prinny_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/prinny_hat/prinny_hat_sniper.mdl #TF_prinny_hat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/prinny_hat/prinny_hat_soldier.mdl #TF_prinny_hat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/prinny_hat/prinny_hat_engineer.mdl #TF_prinny_hat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders/pocket_raiders_demo.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders/pocket_raiders_pyro.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders/pocket_raiders_soldier.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tw2_roman_wreath/tw2_roman_wreath_sniper.mdl #TF_tw2_roman_wreath_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tw2_roman_wreath/tw2_roman_wreath_soldier.mdl #TF_tw2_roman_wreath_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tw2_roman_wreath/tw2_roman_wreath_engineer.mdl #TF_tw2_roman_wreath_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tw2_roman_wreath/tw2_roman_wreath_scout.mdl #TF_tw2_roman_wreath_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/jackhead/soldier_jackhead_digicamo.mdl #TF_soldier_jackhead_digicamo.qc digicamo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/jackhead/sniper_jackhead.mdl #TF_sniper_jackhead.qc jackhead animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/jackhead/engineer_jackhead_digicamo.mdl #TF_engineer_jackhead_digicamo.qc digicamo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/jackhead/scout_jackhead.mdl #TF_scout_jackhead.qc jackhead animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/jackhead/engineer_jackhead.mdl #TF_engineer_jackhead.qc jackhead animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/jackhead/scout_jackhead_digicamo.mdl #TF_scout_jackhead_digicamo.qc digicamo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/jackhead/sniper_jackhead_digicamo.mdl #TF_sniper_jackhead_digicamo.qc digicamo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/jackhead/soldier_jackhead.mdl #TF_soldier_jackhead.qc jackhead animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/brutal_hair/brutal_hair_soldier.mdl #TF_brutal_hair_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/brutal_hair/brutal_hair_sniper.mdl #TF_brutal_hair_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/brutal_hair/brutal_hair_scout.mdl #TF_brutal_hair_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/brutal_hair/brutal_hair_engineer.mdl #TF_brutal_hair_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/sd_helm/sd_helm_sniper.mdl #TF_sd_helm_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/sd_helm/sd_helm_engineer.mdl #TF_sd_helm_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/sd_helm/sd_helm_scout.mdl #TF_sd_helm_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/sd_helm/sd_helm_soldier.mdl #TF_sd_helm_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/as_robot_chicken/as_robot_chicken_soldier_b.mdl #TF_as_robot_chicken_soldier_b.qc b animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/as_robot_chicken/as_robot_chicken_soldier.mdl #TF_as_robot_chicken_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/as_robot_chicken/as_robot_chicken_scout_b.mdl #TF_as_robot_chicken_scout_b.qc b animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/as_robot_chicken/as_robot_chicken_engineer_b.mdl #TF_as_robot_chicken_engineer_b.qc b animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/as_robot_chicken/as_robot_chicken_sniper_b.mdl #TF_as_robot_chicken_sniper_b.qc b animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/as_robot_chicken/as_robot_chicken_scout.mdl #TF_as_robot_chicken_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/as_robot_chicken/as_robot_chicken_sniper.mdl #TF_as_robot_chicken_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/as_robot_chicken/as_robot_chicken_engineer.mdl #TF_as_robot_chicken_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_isis_style/pocket_raiders_isis_style_pyro.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_isis_style_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_isis_style/pocket_raiders_isis_style_soldier.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_isis_style_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_isis_style/pocket_raiders_isis_style_demo.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_isis_style_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom/tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom_sniper.mdl #TF_tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom/tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom_engineer.mdl #TF_tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom/tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom_scout.mdl #TF_tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom/tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom_soldier.mdl #TF_tr_crown_of_the_old_kingdom_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/nobody_suspects_a_thing/nobody_suspects_a_thing_engineer.mdl #TF_nobody_suspects_a_thing_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/nobody_suspects_a_thing/nobody_suspects_a_thing_sniper.mdl #TF_nobody_suspects_a_thing_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/nobody_suspects_a_thing/nobody_suspects_a_thing_soldier.mdl #TF_nobody_suspects_a_thing_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/nobody_suspects_a_thing/nobody_suspects_a_thing_scout.mdl #TF_nobody_suspects_a_thing_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/ai_spacehelmet/ai_spacehelmet_scout.mdl #TF_ai_spacehelmet_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/ai_spacehelmet/ai_spacehelmet_sniper.mdl #TF_ai_spacehelmet_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/ai_spacehelmet/ai_spacehelmet_engineer.mdl #TF_ai_spacehelmet_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/ai_spacehelmet/ai_spacehelmet_soldier.mdl #TF_ai_spacehelmet_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/hm_disguisehat/hm_disguisehat_engineer.mdl #TF_hm_disguisehat_engineer.qc engineer animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/hm_disguisehat/hm_disguisehat_scout.mdl #TF_hm_disguisehat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/hm_disguisehat/hm_disguisehat_sniper.mdl #TF_hm_disguisehat_sniper.qc sniper animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/hm_disguisehat/hm_disguisehat_soldier.mdl #TF_hm_disguisehat_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_horus_style/pocket_raiders_horus_style_pyro.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_horus_style_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_horus_style/pocket_raiders_horus_style_demo.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_horus_style_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_horus_style/pocket_raiders_horus_style_soldier.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_horus_style_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_carter_style/pocket_raiders_carter_style_demo.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_carter_style_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_carter_style/pocket_raiders_carter_style_pyro.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_carter_style_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/pocket_raiders_carter_style/pocket_raiders_carter_style_soldier.mdl #TF_pocket_raiders_carter_style_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/hm_duck/hm_duck_soldier.mdl #TF_hm_duck_soldier.qc soldier animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/hm_duck/hm_duck_pyro.mdl #TF_hm_duck_pyro.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/all_class/hm_duck/hm_duck_demo.mdl #TF_hm_duck_demo.qc demo animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/scout_henchboy/scout_henchboy_belt.mdl #TF_scout_henchboy_belt.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/scout_henchboy/scout_henchboy_hat.mdl #TF_scout_henchboy_hat.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/hero_academy_scout/hero_academy_scout.mdl #TF_hero_academy_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/fm2012_cleats/fm2012_cleats.mdl #TF_fm2012_cleats.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/ai_legs/ai_legs.mdl #TF_ai_legs.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/dex_hat_scout/dex_hat_scout.mdl #TF_dex_hat_scout.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/tw2_cheetah_robe/tw2_cheetah_robe.mdl #TF_tw2_cheetah_robe.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/as_scout_cleansuit_hood/as_scout_cleansuit_hood.mdl #TF_as_scout_cleansuit_hood.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/tr_bootenkhamuns/tr_bootenkhamuns.mdl #TF_tr_bootenkhamuns.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/ai_head/ai_head.mdl #TF_ai_head.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/scout/tw2_cheetah_head/tw2_cheetah_head.mdl #TF_tw2_cheetah_head.qc scout animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/tw2_greek_armor/tw2_greek_armor.mdl #TF_tw2_greek_armor.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/pyro_rocks/pyro_rocks_mask.mdl #TF_pyro_rocks_mask.qc pyro animation 
models/workshop_partner/player/items/pyro/as_pyro_cleansuit/as_pyro_cleansuit.mdl #TF_as_pyro_cleansuit.qc pyro animation 
